,labels,content_clean,mapping
0,0, bono... who cares. soon people will understand that they gain nothing from following a phony celebrity. become a leader of your people instead or help and support your fellow countrymen. ,not-offensive
1,1, eight years the republicans denied obama’s picks. breitbarters outrage is as phony as their fake president. ,offensive
2,0, get him some line help. he is going to be just fine. as the game went on you could see him progressing more with his reads. he brought what has been missing. the deep ball presence. now he just needs a little more time ,not-offensive
3,0,  she is great. hi fiona! ,not-offensive
4,1, she has become a parody unto herself? she has certainly taken some heat for being such an....well idiot. could be optic too  who know with liberals  they are all optics.  no substance ,offensive
5,0,"               this is the vetsresistsquadron"""" is bullshit.. they are girl scout veterans, i have never met any other veterans or served with anyone that was a gun control advocate? have you?"""" ",not-offensive
6,1, your looking more like a plant  maga  walkaway ,offensive
7,0,  lol. except he is the most successful president in our lifetimes. he is undone most of the damage obummer did and set america on the right path again.  maga ,not-offensive
8,0, been a willie fan since before most of you were born....love that he is holding a rally with beto.... exactly which fans are furious?  could you give some specifics? ,not-offensive
9,0, here is a link to my channel with a plethora of topics to peruse  ,not-offensive
10,1, antifa would burn a conservatives house down and cnn would be there lighting the torches and throwing gas on the flames. ,offensive
11,1," they cite jones being banned for violating twitter's tos. there are blue checkmarks spewing the same, if not worse, kind of shit. if you are going to play the anyone can get banned"""" card. should not these people also receive bans and suspensions?  verifiedhate"""" ",offensive
12,0, friend ordered 100 pair of levi’s and then called to cancel! over gun control! wow getting wild! ,not-offensive
13,0,  lmfaoooooo ,not-offensive
14,0, goodell should have been fired over a year ago. looks like the owners will let him steer the ship right into the iceberg. oh well. ,not-offensive
15,0,  this is a common message from liberals and democrats.   remember nancy pelosi we have to approve the health care package  obama care and then we will see what is in it afterwardsthinking face ,not-offensive
16,1, also shitbiscuit stole most of the tempe girls you can not blame that on me.. ,offensive
17,1,"  well, see, if i start talking at dana about sensible gun control laws and she ignores me  or calls me a tragedy dry humping who are"""" as she did  then we are not having a conversation. I am just talking into the void."""" ",offensive
18,0,  you mean the way hillary re victimized all of bills accusers? ,not-offensive
19,0,great comedy there cnn   news?  not so much!   maga!   licensereporters! ,not-offensive
20,0, you are so fragile. it must be hard to live that way. ,not-offensive
21,1, all you do is lie. all congress does us lie.  maga. ,offensive
22,0, freudian slip. ,not-offensive
23,1,                                              he also clarified that there is the water birth when we are physically born. then there is the spiritual birth which is obviously when we spiritually die to our sinful flesh and be reborn sinless after being cleansed by his blood at salvation when our sin debt is paid! praise god ,offensive
24,1,  why are you wasting time replying on twitter  trolling  on behalf of people making under that amount?  seems like someone is just a propaganda pusher...or likes gloating to other  maga's that they got screwed by trump. ,offensive
25,1, we had leveon bell. that is the dumbest argument. but we can compare college for when he played. his best season was 1700 yds 26 tds. how about collins? and this is conners first year starting and he is starting much better than collins ,offensive
26,1,  she is a fucking mess!! i hate her so much ,offensive
27,0, he is so underrated and i love how pure he is as a person ,not-offensive
28,0, haha we set then face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
29,0, he is a psychic are not he ,not-offensive
30,1, i was think she jisoo but I am focused i found she is taeyoun ,offensive
31,0, i am stunned that you are giving this guy airtime. stunned. ,not-offensive
32,0, she wants gun control? figures ,not-offensive
33,0,   did not see him matching with antifa to be honest ,not-offensive
34,0,   and conservatives are no longer conservatives why do you think maxime bernier has started a new party that will follow original conservative values. ,not-offensive
35,1, holy shit i love her??? ,offensive
36,0,   can you let him know? ,not-offensive
37,0,      sir it comes to something when you present a lie as a fact.... have you no shame? this is the fact 65  of labour voters voted to remain. ref yougov polls. your position is based on a false premise......have a nice day ,not-offensive
38,0,  a stark reminder that  and you are trying to con us with chequers and a bit of our waters back   not good enough            appeasing is not a good look  ,not-offensive
39,0,  where is holier than thou   sippin wine in the shade somewhere...   maga ,not-offensive
40,1, i can not because that nigga retarded smh ,offensive
41,1,9 factory workers gunned down in iowa city with 20 gauge winchester pump action shotgun. the nra blames gun control laws. ,offensive
42,0, so the overwhelming liberals in the populated states can make policy for the rest of america with whom they have no clue about.  just because california has the biggest population does not mean the you.s. shares in their values.  get a clue hillary. ,not-offensive
43,0, berkeley antifa do not agree with you ,not-offensive
44,1, he is quite good at faking. must have done it numerous times ,offensive
45,0, griexsevia ,not-offensive
46,0, we do have a few outages reported in toronto.   here is a link to our outage map to see if you are in one of the defined spots    sc ,not-offensive
47,0,  what new gun control laws would you like to see passed and what would they accomplish? ,not-offensive
48,1,take take take  walkaway from the  idiot party!  maga ,offensive
49,1,  you are so correct the democratic party for slavery and pro nazi gun control ,offensive
50,0, good luck ,not-offensive
51,0,   she did it and she is alive is greatness of hinduism. you should try it with quran if you have guts. ,not-offensive
52,0, hell ya ,not-offensive
53,1,  prove your claim or be exposed as the lying piece of shit you are.   meanwhile... ,offensive
54,1, get shit poppin ,offensive
55,1, she says no. you are now sad. she then realizes what you might actually mean. she slaps you. she says no. now you are sad and your face hurts. ,offensive
56,1, patrick ass?? ,offensive
57,0, eric holder should have been in his 2nd yr at gitmo. what is the update on gitmo's expansion?  why is he still breathing in our freedom air? ,not-offensive
58,1, all we ever hear from hillary is beeching and moaning.  dang ! that witch never get tired of complaining! ,offensive
59,0, buy one ,not-offensive
60,1, come on cnn.  he literally introduced himself.  the guy is a public figure for gun control.  call him out! ,offensive
61,0,  i did not know oprah winfrey knew how to play tennis. .. face screaming in fear ,not-offensive
62,0, yeah she is ,not-offensive
63,1,   she is a walking talking lie..  that is why. ,offensive
64,0, she is so cute ♡ ,not-offensive
65,1, holder is responsible for selling guns to the mexican cartel. just another obama administration law breaker. ,offensive
66,0,  sounds to me like the pope needs counselled on confession. ,not-offensive
67,1, better than what? truth? politicians have never been good at that. my america is better than flake. ,offensive
68,0,  that so many “thoughtful conservatives” who rushed to kavanaugh’s defence did not consider  their own statements re  black teenagers tells you everything about how “thoughtful” they truly are. ,not-offensive
69,1, you could not catch me letting some saggy whitey bitch talkin like this to me tired face bitch eat dirt ,offensive
70,0,.  joined the show to talk about how she is leading the fight against breast cancer at   listen to the full interview  ,not-offensive
71,1, you are becoming the court jester of the senate ,offensive
72,0, tell that to him. he is very perfectionist. i do not think we will change that ever smiling face with open mouth   cold sweat ,not-offensive
73,0,    also there to help banks boost their balance sheets post crash. I would imagine atleast 15   maybe more  of current house prices are part of the bank bailout package. ,not-offensive
74,0, he is a da. someone educate him he is in the south now ,not-offensive
75,0, notice how everyone avoids this tweet index pointing up️index pointing up️  they might think you are referring to them. face with tears of joyface with tears of joy  but not me comrade. i stalk everyone. 🤟🤟 ,not-offensive
76,0, i do not know if this cat even realizes what he is doing. ,not-offensive
77,0,  he is. ,not-offensive
78,0, and you are a football fan too ! ,not-offensive
79,0, well he is closer to lincoln than you are. ,not-offensive
80,0, every one of them is more rank than she is. and she is pretty rank. so i guess they all outrank her... ,not-offensive
81,0, well...? ,not-offensive
82,1, and why report this garbage.  we do not give a crap. ,offensive
83,0,   says one of the thickest cultists on twitter. irony at its finest. ,not-offensive
84,1, she is disgusting ,offensive
85,1, eric holder is obama's straw man of corruption ,offensive
86,0, and yes your presidency was one of the absolute worst. go back to that....no way. ,not-offensive
87,0,   you should take this picture down you destroyed one of my all time favorite comedian actors  ,not-offensive
88,0,      i saw her in denver last week. she is still traumatized. cohen owes her so much because of 'my life on the d list'. ,not-offensive
89,1, america is better than swamp crud like you! ,offensive
90,0,                 thank you for adding me razor!  patriots  if you are not following my primary account    will you take a minute and follow me? thanks and maga🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
91,1, the lies i keep hearing everyday sigh *inhales* I am tired of you putting yourself down and if ppl do not see how beautiful my bestfriend is then its their problem you are beautiful I have seen it so its my place to tell you you are beautiful and i accept nothing less. if not more face with steam from nose ,offensive
92,0, he is very perceptive sweetie! ,not-offensive
93,1," dear paul mcfartney   you had us at beatles.  you lost us at president mad captain.  burn in hell   jon."""" ",offensive
94,0, you are also the king of taste ,not-offensive
95,0," and everyone knows that kerry does not have a clue!  heard that from numerous anonymous"""" sources who also say he is not sane.  that is what the sources say."""" ",not-offensive
96,1,  i think she is a hypocrite and loyal to the evil gop. vote her out. ,offensive
97,1,  bill clinton enjoyed raping them while ted kennedy enjoyed killing them. but you are cool with that. ,offensive
98,1,  conservatives  republicans are  traitors to  america ,offensive
99,1, this liberal is pissed that anyone would give that disgusting pos an award for equality. and....f.you. for including all liberals in this bullshit decision by the hrc. ,offensive
100,1, eirc holder  a friken idiot ,offensive
101,0,  you are very beautifull ,not-offensive
102,1, crazy freaking liberals ,offensive
103,0,  she is been active on instagram lately. and she is dropping an album sometime this year. ,not-offensive
104,0,  then we will be talking about gun control! winking face ,not-offensive
105,1,  ikkk he is a fucking prince 6al3 mn al stories bta3in disney kida ahhooocat face with tears of joyloudly crying facecat face with tears of joyloudly crying facecat face with tears of joypurple heartpurple heartpurple heart ,offensive
106,1,  says social housing is good and in the same breath talks of climbing the ladder.   hypocrisy incarnate from a failed lying politician lining her party's pockets with tax money for real estate builders  building their failure of lies ,offensive
107,1,  he is delirious! ,offensive
108,0, i can see how frustrating that is. conservatives will always get more praise for humane policies because it is not neccessarily expected of them. ,not-offensive
109,1, sick of white neo liberals speaking for black people saying they all love hillary. they are so deluded. it is like they just rep ‘black lives matter’ so they can appear woke enough to keep railing against bernie supporters. because you know they did not care before hillary lost 2 trump ,offensive
110,0,  do not donate. she is picking and choosing who she donates to. being reported. ,not-offensive
111,0,   are you wanting gun control for leo’s? ,not-offensive
112,1,   do it with quran and then we will see how much atheist and brave she is... hindus figured it out that this type of attention grabbing big boss want to be people are not worth it...  go live in your 2 minutes prime time covered life ... lord krishna and his followers do not care ,offensive
113,0, but she is hecking cute fluffer ,not-offensive
114,0, labour  councillor shouting nazi scum ..  at victims of  groominggangs and this is going to get worse under  jeremycorbyn's socialist  britain    muslims  islam  leftists  maga  mega  mcga  mega  patriots  conservatives ,not-offensive
115,1,   how about your outrage over this?  do something so you can be credible instead of being perceived as demagogues partisans  maga ,offensive
116,0, yee yee ,not-offensive
117,0,    huh! the pot grows as council grows...in this case it is a reduction...and that amount  25m is going right back to the city for police gun control...already announced! ,not-offensive
118,0,    whoa!  angie!!! back off that logic!  you are going to confuse the liberals. ,not-offensive
119,0,"1  ultimately, the defence of kavanaugh by republicans, conservatives, their media and public is a manifestation of america's rape culture    the latter being neither 'colorblind' or 'race neutral.'"""""""" ",not-offensive
120,0,  wrong.  was a enthusiastic architect of devastating austerity along with the tory's. the  did not have to abandon every principle they supposedly had to the  they could have let cameron run a minority government  as did snp  but chose not to ,not-offensive
121,0,       please get out to vote republican right down the ticket or pelosi gets back into control ,not-offensive
122,0,  you are running scared!clown face ,not-offensive
123,0,                        ryan's wife was from a famously conservative blue dog democrat family in oklahoma. the conservatives that have left the dems. she herself has always known to be conservative. she campaigned against obama nationally in '08 and '12. ,not-offensive
124,1,"         so the ar 15 is a fully semi automatic assault rifle,"""" gun control works, and donald trump is racist?"""" ",offensive
125,1, just listening to juan williams on the five drives me crazy.  he is such an ignorant man.  where does this man get his facts?  thank god for jesse waters and you ladies! ,offensive
126,1,"    what you are doing is so irresponsible and i believe that  your smart enough to understand how evil you are. if the fbi or jd had some plot to thwart dt, all they had to do was leak"""" to the press that he was being investigated. they did no such thing. you know you are wrong, that is evil!"""" ",offensive
127,0, ok guys i think her claims are b.s. too but if you start threatening her you are no better than antifa ,not-offensive
128,0, by the looks of her face you can tell where they are pulling the numbers from ,not-offensive
129,0, fair and square. remember that when you are thinking why! the laws are why. the people spoke and they will again ,not-offensive
130,0, i think the fbi should do the original interview.  they scare people more than feckless congress that will have to handle her with kids gloves or be demonized in media and left. put her under oath and attempt to get the truth. she will be protected by liberals in congress ,not-offensive
131,0, god damn it... you are so right. there is no going wrong with this stuff. ,not-offensive
132,1,the “law and order” president really hates law enforcement! laughing out loud  maga ,offensive
133,0, if you ever want a record setting bad election for the liberals in quebec you need to go back to this ,not-offensive
134,1,"     ...how you want to be defined""""? pul ease! when you live under a 24 7 365 msmedia shit smear to the point you have marxine waters sending her antifa minions out to threaten you in public places   you learn not to give a f*ck what the """"pavlovian left"""" thinks. night, night crescent moon!"""" ",offensive
135,0, being on food stamps   liking boys girls or liking both  not knowing who you are  your body size   not knowing something   scared to ask for help  not dating someone   what you wear ,not-offensive
136,0,    we are not a democratic republic. we have never been a democratic anything. we have never had democratic ideology. nor is this a “new” talking point. we are constantly correcting democrats liberals on this. ,not-offensive
137,0,           soon both the libs and the conservatives will havevut so everytime we have a change of government we will be paying out cancelled contracts ,not-offensive
138,1, you are sexy as fuck babygirlfirefirefire ,offensive
139,1, ff8 sucks major wang. ,offensive
140,0,  she picks some random conservative issues from us and try to force fit in indian narrative. next might be gun control loudly crying face ,not-offensive
141,0,   she should have gotten august off to let work on stuff at the p.c. it would have help her a lot. ,not-offensive
142,1, another nail in the coffin of the nfl ,offensive
143,0,    you are not dumb. ,not-offensive
144,0, holy moly!! if the catholic people have not been awakened by this .....  falseprophet   lunatic ,not-offensive
145,1, bullshit. people died because of an incompetent government in puerto rico. and you can start with that mayor. stop lying gutierrez. ,offensive
146,0, antifa is not after her. ,not-offensive
147,0,  he is such a showman! and those pipessmiling face with heart eyes the man can sing ,not-offensive
148,0,   now we just need antifa outside when they confirm kavanaugh ,not-offensive
149,1, fascist always control the media. ,offensive
150,0, more i think about this one  it feels like a story trap. people go nuts and complain  talk about gun control which cruz could then use to fire up his base claiming that they want to take away 2a rights all because of a couple of shells. ,not-offensive
151,1, fuck you dope.  not a fox watcher.  independent voter that will never vote left.  your party is dangerous. ,offensive
152,1, was literally just talking about this laughing out loud all mass shootings like that have been set ups. it is propaganda used to divide us on major issues like gun control and terrorism ,offensive
153,1,    as of right now my only solid position is that the nra has become far too influential in politics and as a result they have delayed the desire for gun control for about 20 years. ,offensive
154,1,      he is a crook ,offensive
155,1,a bunch of vultures!  tim is not even gone yet  wtf?  have you no shame?  all you see are    i hope he left every penny to an animal rescue!  'carol burnett' star tim conway recovers from brain surgery as family battle over comic's fate rages on  foxnews ,offensive
156,0, a liberal anarchist coup d'etat gang runs rampant and a gop ag does nothing. liberals prove to be the biggest hate group in usa. the leftstream media cheers them on while excoriating duly elected president of the united states 24 7. antifa openly advocates killing cops. silence ,not-offensive
157,0, antifa is the modern day kkk. funded by the demarat party.. ,not-offensive
158,1,"  right. shoot the messenger."""" do not go after the homosexual rot in the clergy, bergoglio, go after the man   archbishop vigano   who exposed the homosexual rot in the clergy. satan must be having a really good laugh over that one."""" ",offensive
159,0,  why do not liberals understand that an allegation of drunk teenagers who do not have sex is not a federal crime? golly moses  what is wrong with those people? ,not-offensive
160,0, doubt he is requesting any player to be moved. in my opinion it is likely if he feels the team is close to be a contender or if he is satisfied to being a mentor to a borderline team ,not-offensive
161,1,  can not stand to listen to that puke. i change the channel when he speaks. he believes his own lies!!....they are all nuts!!  leftwingliberaldisease  walkaway  voteredtosaveamerica  🇺🇸🇺🇸 maga 🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,offensive
162,0, 1. six year old tweet from an account i do not control referencing my previous time slot 2. refers to bloomberg's call for gun control. not mine. michael bloomberg. ,not-offensive
163,0,. this little one is my why. she is the reason i strive each day to become a better version of who i already am. . before babies i used to fear I would never have enough time for a family.… ,not-offensive
164,0, i love your momma. she is me ,not-offensive
165,0, sad day for all liberals woman dancingwoman dancingwoman dancingwoman dancingwoman dancingwoman dancingwoman dancingwoman dancingwoman dancingwoman dancingface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
166,0,3.  you are my lil baby and I am so proud of you for working as hard as you do. thank you for still being there for me like you are. you are the sweetest two heartstwo hearts do not ever change ,not-offensive
167,0,                I am an antifa angel who has come to set the dregs and deplorables free. free from caring what losers think about you. ,not-offensive
168,0, and god forbid you are already talking to someone or dating they get real mad face with tears of joyperson shruggingmedium light skin tone‍female sign️ we like those people over you for a reason sorry about it face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
169,0,  keep up the great work cory! you are today’s hero. not the op ed author who should have invoked the 25th. ,not-offensive
170,1,  ha ha ha sneaky buggers. i have put out a warning to have sound off. that will show them. ,offensive
171,1,   look ellen.... i am not a socialist commie... you are the one for government universal health care bigger government gun control and free colleges. i am american I am for capitalism ,offensive
172,1,   no you would not sis i know damn well you would probably call it cute people propose in concerts all the time yet when its a gay couple its wrong you are at a fucking concert you do not have to pay attention ,offensive
173,1, she is a fake a fraud and a democrat activist plant. she is a tool to try to derail the process and then to later drum up votes for democrats claiming conservatives do not care about victims. if democrats cared if they would not cheapen real victims with fakes. ,offensive
174,1,  she is dickmatized ,offensive
175,1, fat ass.... heart attack city..... keep eating fat ass.... ,offensive
176,0,"  much of your promise of money is not extra new as govt took back £817 million promised for new affordable"""" homes! stop right to buy   we have a  created  housingcrisis now, too little, too late!  ",not-offensive
177,1, as it gets closer to november the left is in full on panic mode their talking points will forever be 25th amendment. ok idiots let us see you try it. ,offensive
178,1, nigga then how can you say bo2 is the best cod 🤨 ,offensive
179,0,  you are right I am black so thanks ,not-offensive
180,0,  will liberals agree that any is destructive? ,not-offensive
181,0,     she can do a google search of protests by antifa but she already knows that. it is called being blind. i would never support a conservative protest where they beat people up and destroyed property ,not-offensive
182,0,          pretty much. as I have stated i believe is gun control just not this aspect of it. the guns are not the problem the people who should not have guns are. where do we draw the line. how do we prevent “bad or crazy” people from shooting up a crowd. surely we do not have the answer ,not-offensive
183,0,                                                  and yet antifa dresses like isis.... ,not-offensive
184,1, dude. what the fuck is wrong with you?  i sent you a direct tweet to show you how you re tweet your own shit. then i let it go. now you want to double down?  just go back to whoviille ,offensive
185,0,   he is entitled to tell his side of story.then judge. ,not-offensive
186,0, “antifa is bad” how hard is it to say that? ,not-offensive
187,0,  she is your sister???? ,not-offensive
188,0,  he can admit that 3000 americans died on his watch. you should remind him he is president of all of us. ,not-offensive
189,0,  corbyn and abbott will not get in so the conservatives will win again thumbs up ,not-offensive
190,0,                                                  more people scared of what the liberals will think and say about them. this is rampant around conservatives.  the only ones who ever stopped giving them that power were the trump movement and they absolutely won everything including the internets. ,not-offensive
191,0, cough*nicky haley* ,not-offensive
192,0, oh yes smiling face with sunglasses ,not-offensive
193,0, holder needs to be prosecuted ,not-offensive
194,1,   clapping handswellclapping handssaidclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsshe gets more negative feedback than anyone ever!! because she is always defending her bad behavior! way to show her little girl how to act!clapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping hands ,offensive
195,1, brett kavanaugh was supposed to be a selling point for gop candidates in the midterm elections. but now he could become a liability...cbs enough of all your bs lies. go away with your other liberals cnn. msm. we are not listening to your ignorant bs stories!!! pouting facepouting facepouting facepouting face ,offensive
196,0, buh buh snowflake ,not-offensive
197,0,..and he is yet to get a call up for senior team.. ,not-offensive
198,0,    I am just saying he is not playing like how he should be for the amount he is getting paid I am sorry to let you down. ,not-offensive
199,0,        antifa blocking the road in salzburg  salzburgsummit18 ,not-offensive
200,1, ouch. she is horrible. ,offensive
201,1, that is what lindsey graham uses for a butt hole............ ,offensive
202,0, stale ,not-offensive
203,1," usa  i feel your pain, even while i profit causing it!   liberals , you got to love  them! redistributing wealth not on their menu  serve up identity politics slop. so you destroyed  libya  ya'll never catch bill now  he is got million dead  iraqi kids  sanctions '90's  under his belt ",offensive
204,1,    hes comin for  your woolly bitches ,offensive
205,0, that describes how i feel about the liberals at any level ,not-offensive
206,0,      conservatives are only interested in owning women like property and exploding the deficit so long as the rich are taken care of. keep the faith tho. ,not-offensive
207,0, b.s. how much fake data has big pharma fed you. you are penalizing adults who vaping has helped. you have a far bigger problem with teen alcohol sales and flavored wine coolers. try reading a legit study.  ,not-offensive
208,1,      if you put any claim that that ambulance chaser is in anyway anything by a shyster you are a fool bigger than he is ,offensive
209,1, hope they continue to crash  ,offensive
210,0,    you warned everyone about josh gordon the last 4 months on a daily basis.  I am sure you are as shocked as i am of what transpired today. ,not-offensive
211,0,  christine ford is an admitted friend to bernie saunders and she is known to hobnob with other demo politicians! most shocking word is kavanaughs mom a judge ruled against fords parents in a forclosure case in mid 90sthinking face ,not-offensive
212,0,did someone just say maga 2k19 ,not-offensive
213,0,  you should probably start reading your bible hun. ,not-offensive
214,0,     agreed and what I am saying too. ,not-offensive
215,1, you said it. they are trying to prove that cheepika is goddess and everyone else has nothing to offer. it tells everything about how insecure they are as fans. now their target is alia because they know how good she is. alia being so good is threat to their so called goddess. ,offensive
216,0, sir. the governor house lahore will be used as a museum and a art gallery. you are the minister for information and culture. please take some measures to protect the place from filth and damage caused by our ignorant public. ,not-offensive
217,0, as soon as kavanaugh is seated you can say goodbye to federal gun control. never in your life will you see it again. ,not-offensive
218,1,  achichincle lamebotas! ,offensive
219,0,"...the book makes trump look good and makes the so called deep state""""   'particularly mueller   look like a pack of partisan hacks.'  woodward book proves 1 thing, liberals fear trump isnand 8217 t breaking, the deep state is ",not-offensive
220,1,                                                  you are not very smart are you? why do you think gen flynn’s sentencing keeps being rescheduled? ,offensive
221,0,spoke with a woman in croatia today.   she said 80  of croatia loves  !!    maga ,not-offensive
222,0, all liberals should cross the floor and leave trudeau all alone to implode! guy is leading  our country into financial disaster! ,not-offensive
223,0,"                                       really and then"""" where in the world does antifa fit into wacked out birdlandia? and boy oh boy birdsize also apparently believes the notion that there are people who actually """"deny climate""""  i kid you not! i think rod serling's coming to escort birdbrain back to 'the zone'"""" ",not-offensive
224,0, he is not the only one i bet    some these people are organizers of antifa!! ,not-offensive
225,0," never trumper uses brain for first time, wakes up to the fight  maga community has been waging for two years."""""""" ",not-offensive
226,1, carrey is a pig🤬 ,offensive
227,0,   it is funny. that comment is hundred points illogical. walkaway is so easy.  maga is great!  mega is already happenin make earth great again ,not-offensive
228,0,shocking undercover video exposes communists inside government  “i break rules every day”   sara a. carter  maga   wwg1wga ,not-offensive
229,0,  good lord. ,not-offensive
230,0,  he is always the victim..same song and dance.. ,not-offensive
231,0,   tuna and beef brisket? i thought all you liberals were vegans. ,not-offensive
232,0, omg why do we care about these hollywood liberals?? ,not-offensive
233,0, doing pretty good hope you are well my friend tough season for both teams but it happens ,not-offensive
234,1, liberals are full of s  t when they say they have alot of love to give!  they have become the devils minions.  no one will prayerfully vote for their socialist agenda! ,offensive
235,1, free speech is alive but not so well since all social media platforms are run with a strict dictatorship of opinions by libtards. ,offensive
236,1, i can not wait for kavanaugh to throw gun control in the garbage can where it belongs. ,offensive
237,1, no and they are expensive ass hell ,offensive
238,0,                                               that is like me and flying i have never been in any airplane unless donnie takes me his plane and holds my hand the whole time or i sit right next to him knowing me i would have sit on his lap and hold on to him I am afraid to fly ,not-offensive
239,1,  my favourite part of this is watching all the conservatives lose their minds as usual. once again the democrats are being mean to us boo hoo. lol. ,offensive
240,1,    pls take a look at signing gordon he is the deep threat with goodwin hurt we need and only 27.   come play with grop ,offensive
241,0, never would i trust any  and especially  they sold out to the  and stuck two fingers up to the people of the uk!!   votelabour  ge2018now  wearecorbyn  unitedwestand ,not-offensive
242,0, be careful.. you know the terrorist arm of the  antifa is going to show up an try something.. ,not-offensive
243,0, whenever ya'll reference the wire all I am going to think is exit stage left ,not-offensive
244,0,  antifa = democrats = dixiecrats = kkk ,not-offensive
245,1,   what the fuck ,offensive
246,0,"     my experience is the gun control activists do not really want a conversation, they want capitulation. the way around that would be to open with proposals to expand gun rights in exchange for whatever is they are looking for. there can not really be a conversation"""" without that"""" ",not-offensive
247,1, liberals grasp at unproven straws ...  notplastic ,offensive
248,0,  may be the cameramen is a trump supporter.  have you checked if he is standing on a rock or so? laugh my ass off face with tears of joy  fakenewscnn ,not-offensive
249,0, i fucking loved that cat i am so sad ,not-offensive
250,0,     liberals do not appreciate your sarcasm. they thought you were on their side. ,not-offensive
251,0, it is fine..... he is gods prophet face with rolling eyesimagine that nowadays... yes officer i did fuck that elementary student but its fine because god said i could.... ,not-offensive
252,0, definantly ,not-offensive
253,1,                                                  stop with your nonsense. you are a block. you are stupid! ,offensive
254,0, i should rephrase that... something went down and she is trying to cover it up with some lame story about “oh i thought i was in my own house” bullsh1t! what a obviously blatant lie. ,not-offensive
255,1, everyone is ragging your ass on puerto rico don. the mayor put a stop to the work being done out there a while back. ,offensive
256,1, shameful.   nra is spending over a million   to get kavanaugh installed.  gun control is not his pot of tea. ,offensive
257,1,"  way over the head..."""" you  liberals are all the same.. """" supporters are stupid"""" """"if you think for yourself, you are a racist"""" """"aboilish ice so we can have open borders and more crime."""" get out of you bubble for a minute and look at how great the country is doing.  maga"""" ",offensive
258,1, character and clinton. cartoon maybe ,offensive
259,1,antifa fascists and socialists are one and the same......time to respond ! ,offensive
260,0,  antifa will sign anything if they are paid enough. ,not-offensive
261,0, interesting  my interpretation of the piece was that he was speaking tongue in cheek in relating his psychiatric condition to the gun qualifications to highlight the ironic and counter intuitive nature of gun control laws. i thought it was a well balanced insider piece. ,not-offensive
262,0,  doxx her.  see if she is as lilly white as she puts on. ,not-offensive
263,1,sean penn   metoo movement seeks to ‘divide men and women’  — got to say… i stand with  jeff spicoli on this one.   maga  wwg1wga  confirmkavanaugh ,offensive
264,0,"  i am trying to make a point. many people who hate the liberal and ndp party are conservatives. and all conservatives care about is money. they do not have to ruin the environment and discriminate against others because of money"""""""" ",not-offensive
265,0,  funny how the conservatives did not like it when one of there is defected but they sure did not mind when a liberal defected. where is there integrity in this? ,not-offensive
266,0, will antifa fill the streets when kavanaugh is confirmed ,not-offensive
267,0, i see antifa as a war on peaceful assembly ,not-offensive
268,1, she is a piece of garbage! i can not believe the hatred those bitches on the view have for trump! and abc let us them spew this garbage on a daily basis. disgusting! boycott the view! boycott abc too! i have and damn proud of it! ,offensive
269,0,  what? ,not-offensive
270,0,the trump alert system in action.  trump2020  trump2020  maga ,not-offensive
271,0,exactly what the  leftistlibtards wanted to happen. try are a  corrupt and  miserable party. ,not-offensive
272,0, personally i prefer my anti fascism in the form of a non newtonian fluid. oobleck antifa! ,not-offensive
273,0, gutiérrez you are a joke dress as an full ,not-offensive
274,1, the devil made me do it!!!!! the ugly face of liberals! i feel sorry for the innocent honest ones that are just brainwashed! ,offensive
275,0, no doubt progressive nazi antifa liberal democrats do. ,not-offensive
276,0,kavanaugh accuser christine ford opens door to testifying next week looking forward to the book   maga  draintheswamp  termlimits  ditchmitch  peelpelosi ⁦ ,not-offensive
277,1, this is dumb. an european government is allowed to make a decision that affects the entire planet. also how would they even enforce this? are they going to bug every computer in the world? ,offensive
278,0,     so conservatives never get abortions? were you alive when abortions were illegal? i hear it was a pretty awesome time in history. ,not-offensive
279,0,  why do liberals shout and hang their mouths open? slack jaws. ,not-offensive
280,0,    that makes zero sense as you are conflating biogenic with non biogenic emission sources. ,not-offensive
281,0, ask  she is there now! ,not-offensive
282,0, I will be looking for you on here election night...make sure you are on twitter. ,not-offensive
283,1, what are you afraid of liberals. you screamed for transparency!now that potus is doing just that you are screaming to keep it secret.the truth is there. you do not want it seen.liberals are hypocrites and the alphabet agencies have some bad apples involved in a soft coup. tick tock ,offensive
284,0,  silly joe! I am a maga of society hundred points🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸... feel thatoncoming fistoncoming fist ,not-offensive
285,0,  the gibraltar people will be hostages in the remaining  brexit negotiations. do  or the  care? not a fig! ,not-offensive
286,1,  pushed to my limits. ,offensive
287,0, it is the antifa gang! ,not-offensive
288,0,     typical violent antifa...  hooligans are stalking california causing mayhem. ,not-offensive
289,0,         the feeling is mutual sunshine!! you are probably  antifa ,not-offensive
290,0,"   name them. who are these conservatives"""" who are driving this dump truck of yours, and when they were passionate about deficits. name them. who are they?"""" ",not-offensive
291,0, and how much is he being paid for this behavior? ,not-offensive
292,1,  liberals do not give a sh!t. they have no souls. ,offensive
293,1,   the democrats are so desperate all those ppl threatening sen collins are from ca. they will do anything to delay or halt confirmation and  re election is on the line she is desperate. the ppl and gop are quite aware of what is going on. ,offensive
294,0, hogg does not  have a clue about life . ,not-offensive
295,0, the liberals backed by the ndp corrupted ontario's taxpayers with hedgefunders in ontario and the usa. this is just the beginning of a process to expose these crimes and more is on the way. ,not-offensive
296,0,  you should investigate antifa's connections to the nazis. ,not-offensive
297,1,  this is all just another fraud put out by the democrats.this woman is lying to help her party.nothing but a liberal nutjob who would say anything to try and keep the conservatives from having the majority on the scotus. ,offensive
298,0, just focus on price stats when he is behind the plate....winking face ,not-offensive
299,1, what the fuck game are you watching? ,offensive
300,0, liberals have turned everything into a 3 ring circus. ,not-offensive
301,1,  choosing heartless politician over your ancestors country.  speaks volumes as to who you are. ,offensive
302,0,  so what is the problem you are trying to advise of? can not quite understand what you are trying to say ! ,not-offensive
303,0,   the you.s. is tying to increase the cost of drugs in canada and conservatives are helping him ,not-offensive
304,1,    so you are ok with the racial epithats that the left calls black conservatives?  bigotry  hypocrisy  walkaway i did. many have. do not be blind. you are being a tool for a establishment. keep resisting the outsider and be for the political elite millionaires. ,offensive
305,0, do not worry your time will come play hard and listen the coach frost he is a winner a championship coachamerican football ,not-offensive
306,1,  of course he is. he will be remembered for being the biggest hypocrite in history. they change the rules constantly.  gophypocrites ,offensive
307,1, he probably gets paid to say that...with    and assurances that he will not be called an islamophobe   pfffft it is a fake word  justin is an idiot and he is destroying canada one refugee at a time ,offensive
308,1, I am telling yeah she is leading steve on...   look howa she always likes all steves tweets.    what a hooch ,offensive
309,0,   a few steps to pivot away from china   tpp  trump pacific partnership!   tell us companies to offshore to other countries   ban products from china that include stolen intellectual property   no disclosing ip to do business in china  maga    ,not-offensive
310,0, like antifa? ,not-offensive
311,0, yess ,not-offensive
312,0, you are an inspiration and fierce!  healthyliving ,not-offensive
313,0, yes. you are! smiling face with open mouth   smiling eyes and your passion for him is lovely...smiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
314,1, this smells like another funding of george soros. follow the money yen banknote trail.  that woman most likely never knew judge kavanaugh. liberals are running scared because the judge has conservative christians values. the man has an impeccable portfolio. finestine’s a dirty politician ,offensive
315,1,impeach trump and  maga ,offensive
316,1, his fruits comes not only from his mouth  he is a liar and a deceiver. he is definitely not a catholic — he likes to re form the church to his own image. ,offensive
317,0,    antifa gets to stay on twitter but the proud boys are banned. life is not fair. do not be a victim. ,not-offensive
318,1,   way more accurate than most theories.most history ancient egypt ect is all made up bs . it is all been fabricated for us i do not claim to know why.but if you start looking into history ect there is no fucking proof of anything.enjoy the show.our consciousness is def changing  doit ,offensive
319,0,president trump is fighting for the american worker and american jobs!  maga ,not-offensive
320,1,  kind of why we need nation wide gun control. are you really that stupid? ,offensive
321,0,  it is too had liberals are exempt from laws. ,not-offensive
322,0,  and what if she is lying? what if kavanaugh is the victim of a smear and character assassination? what then? ,not-offensive
323,0,  a liter of filter semi skimmed milk costs 85p per ltr retail in tesco school children drink about 35 ltr of milk per annum that works out to £30 pa at retail prices   repeat retail there are 1 million kids allowed school milk parents are being ripped off to the tune of £10 mil ,not-offensive
324,1, i do not believe she is even getting death threats. conservatives do not roll that way. plus her and her attorneys bankroll is soros ,offensive
325,0,  an excuse for conservatives to do nothing. ,not-offensive
326,0,love our   maga 🇺🇸red heart️ ,not-offensive
327,0,  brilliant effort great step count great that you are targeting more next week thumbs up ,not-offensive
328,0, pro rate them just as you are the beginning positions. ,not-offensive
329,1, yes liberals vs progressives this should be a really dumb banter  go ,offensive
330,0, bob is an old man living in the past. he has no idea what the working class has been through. promises from both the dems and rep career politicians with their expensive law degrees and never worked a day in their lives. it took  to finally listen and take action. ,not-offensive
331,0," tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives long term approach has a number of advantages including the ability to work with our supply chain and landowners to build more homes.  left speech bubble️ paul hackett, chief executive… ",not-offensive
332,1,  i hate  so much now. they fucked up the whole franchise. ,offensive
333,1, crazy liberals ,offensive
334,0, it seems that  holds the whip hand when it comes to governing the  and brexit. ,not-offensive
335,0, i feel attacked face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
336,0,          already following!! fantastic maga patriot!!! 🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
337,0,  so proud of the harper govt for all the good they are doing for cda today. good and bad it is nice to see the liberals give the conservatives mention. ,not-offensive
338,0,  of course they are.  she either agrees to testify on mon or they vote on friday and life moves on until the next obstruction from the lunatic liberals ,not-offensive
339,0,   she is a role model adam you are not! ,not-offensive
340,0,1. the last minute of this video is absolutely priceless 2. facts  “obama separated 90k kids and there were no protests”  liberals  *silence* ,not-offensive
341,0, graham you are on the wrong side of history. ,not-offensive
342,0,  i think collins has maybe seen the light given the threats against her from liberals lately. ,not-offensive
343,1,  you are pathetic. this has nothing to do with him his dad or the wall or mexico. this is about swallwell thinking its ok for liberals to threaten repubs but not the other away around. ,offensive
344,0,"this day in liberal judicial activism—september 17""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
345,0, nah I am okay laughing out loud I am going to watch on my block until a new season smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
346,1,  how does that make him the best in the country though? there was nothing special about the throw. how does that make me butt hurt ? ,offensive
347,0,antifa caught off guard after getting confronted by the last person they ever wanted to answer too ,not-offensive
348,0," there is no deal"""" to be made on gun control, knob. the 2nd amendment is a right that no one can deal away."""" ",not-offensive
349,0, can we please now be honest with ourselves and acknowledge this trans stuff is a mental disorder? and not normal human behavior? ,not-offensive
350,1,  son please do not make me cry today because i never saw this shit ,offensive
351,0, 1 and 7 blocking my way to hap'penis ,not-offensive
352,0,. absolutely right to not propose another referendum.  . are not in power and we are not negotiating.   it is for  to make brexit work  it belongs to them.  if they can not do that then  should call a general election.  labour are ready. ,not-offensive
353,0, maga why she not being prosecuted? ,not-offensive
354,0,   plus she is a real reporter and has the courage of a platoon of marines.  smh. ,not-offensive
355,0, can you blame her for not having her life destroyed by trump and his cult her children the fbi should do the investigation he is going federal fbi must be afraid of trump might get hit by a bus trump has a book of the ugliest names you can call someone like lying trumpstard ,not-offensive
356,0,...when liberals democrats punish and slander people for simply being honest and truthful? that is when you know its time to  walkaway and vote republican. ,not-offensive
357,1, so fucking what. it does not matter if they found the dead sea scrolls or the colonel’s secret recipe. this man should not be dead but he is so due to the ignorant negligence of someone else. ,offensive
358,1, cali already has some of the most strict gun control laws in the county. and you can not blame this on on indiana. ,offensive
359,1,"      good luck with that! i do not follow along with fascists like the  resist movement and their apple and google overlords. i know what happened in ww2 and its the rhetoric they use that put us there. i do not need a god"""" to see the hate spewed from  antifa and how that is wrong."""" ",offensive
360,0, was on fire a brutal match after long time jeff lost was unexpected. hope he is fine after the fallred heart️face screaming in fear  wwe  hiac ,not-offensive
361,1,  the name alt right is to make people think its a right wing group.just like antifa that are fascist. blm that really to they all black lives do not matter. ,offensive
362,0,  the truth of it is that unless she has evidence than it is only allegations! if there is no proof than it is only 'what she says' against 'what he says'! she does not get marks for truthfulness just because she is a woman  because women can lie just as quickly as a man can! ,not-offensive
363,0,    if the justice system is working against american values then the results of this graph would be a badge of honor for our great president and his supporters! stop the liberals dead in their tracks!  notbakingyourcake  proudtolovejesus ,not-offensive
364,0, football is an all american sport that brings families and communities together.  it also celebrates masculinity. it seems these things are under attack today. ,not-offensive
365,0,  for what? why are you asking for his arrest?  liberals being butthurt for 19 months is not an impeachable offense. ,not-offensive
366,0, he is spartacus!!! ,not-offensive
367,0,            yeah ok antifa lover see you in the streets winking face ,not-offensive
368,0,  there is no proof he did not but you assume he is innocent in the very same way... if you support trump....baaaaaaaa yourself. ,not-offensive
369,0, bo is bitterly po’d that donald trumps presidency has made him look like the bad president that he was. ,not-offensive
370,1, dumb kid ,offensive
371,0, now we know tesco's stance on gun control ,not-offensive
372,0, hopefully this kind of outrageous behaviour will motivate senator collins to vote for the appointment of judge kavanaugh.  disgraceful libtards. ,not-offensive
373,0, please tell that to your fellow soros lackies of antifa ,not-offensive
374,1, hypocrite!! you run a commercial about  yo your support for gun control and protecting kids showing  yo your kids. really! you support abortion. what is the difference in that and a gun? they both kill!      ,offensive
375,1, bye bye flake you flake! do not let the senate door hit you in the behind on your way out.     ,offensive
376,0,  only if soros says i can! ,not-offensive
377,1,     hey  sickholder were you the dirty filthy greasy cheesy negarrrr who was in contempt of congress? do not open your mouth it is extremely stink. ,offensive
378,1, do not even know the subject  but I will side with sarandon only because she has class  even if i disagree with her  against the classless rambling fool.  grinning face with smiling eyes ,offensive
379,0,"   fash"""" that is a give away phrase for  antifa types, the genuine fascists who want to close down free speech. this  ex  muslim nails the apologists who are really just providing cover for radical islam. ",not-offensive
380,0, now that bea arthur had a lovely mud bath and coconut oil rub she is settled in for her bedtime story and loves loves loves your book so much i had to read it three times to her before she would go to bed. we hope you are doing well and feeling better! ,not-offensive
381,0, not th@   taking a knee has anything 2do w military but most  conservatives hate him far more than they care about  vaterans smh  trumpsamerica ,not-offensive
382,1, its like saying the brown shirts afe better than nazis because they pretended to be socialists. ,offensive
383,1,wtc this is a threat!!! ..  maga  qanon  wakeupamerica ,offensive
384,0,  @ cooktragic  this not good news for either australian women or palestine.  it is ridiculous to pretend otherwise.  our only hope is his election is not successful! or the abysmal history of women in lnp continues.  he is not a gentleman. in our culture it is 'ladies first'. ,not-offensive
385,0,  ok with andrew  bully liar touchy cheat to be kept on as a mp? on £75k? no anti bullying rules? …     ,not-offensive
386,1, bono is utterly stupid ridiculous wealthy tax avoiding hypocrite fascist  i can not listen to you too again ,offensive
387,0," i am trying to make a point. many people who hate the liberal and ndp party are conservatives. and all conservatives care about is money. they do not have to ruin the environment and discriminate against others because of money"""""""" ",not-offensive
388,0, full truth and justice.... ,not-offensive
389,0,  mccaskill owes back taxes on her private jet! has it been paid?   maga  kavanaugh  christinablaseyford  qanon  thursdaymotivation ,not-offensive
390,0,  and we do not need levi jeans who just jumped on the gun control band wagon. ,not-offensive
391,0,2019 tours will include flights and hotels. ,not-offensive
392,1,  what a waste of one’s short life.person shrugginglight skin tone‍male sign️🇺🇸 ,offensive
393,1, you are a big blot on the dharmic kashmiri pandits community. in the name of modernity you have lost all sanity which reflects in the way you have supported this loony womans  hinduphobia. ,offensive
394,1,"roy moore"""" """"allegations from far distant past""""  """"bezos"""" """"bunny"""" """"satire""""  drellenbrandt  maga dr. melissa bunny, via a medium, tells us from beyond the grave  """"about 35 years ago, jeff bezos put his hands on me, cut my head off, and cooked me as hasenpfeffer for dinner."""" rabbitrabbitrabbit ",offensive
395,0,15 concert goers massacred in missouri with 9mm ruger p89. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,not-offensive
396,0, i hope you are at the park.  they are playing rush ,not-offensive
397,0,  pssst bono's ass ,not-offensive
398,0, good thing i watch him online. ,not-offensive
399,0,                                                 exactly.  from what he is describing it is like two steps forward and three steps back. ,not-offensive
400,0,      antifa  altleft  to go with richard simmons stalker  ,not-offensive
401,1, this shit gon keep me in the crib laughing out loud fuck it ,offensive
402,0, he is right ,not-offensive
403,1, he is an israeli puppet. ,offensive
404,0,  melting snow flakes ,not-offensive
405,0, spot on again speedy. always the victim when things are not going her way. far cry from the graf’s of the sport even though her stats will suggest she is one of the greats. ,not-offensive
406,0, hey doug. we had a large amount of contacts recently. we apologize for any inconvenience this may because you. are you referring to your tweet about the blue screen crash on ps4? ,not-offensive
407,0, antifa getting shot only brings joy ,not-offensive
408,1,  i continue to be concerned that our country’s gun control laws are not good enough to protect our children. i will only vote for the party that is willing to address this issue. ,offensive
409,0,  can you show me gun control organisations that are exclusively trying to take away guns from black people?? ,not-offensive
410,0," I have done a thing on immigration, states' rights,  and gun control"""" but no one had input. laughing out loud  to be fair, i should do it in a better setup than a twitter thread though."""" ",not-offensive
411,0,antifa in canada demand to be let into a government meeting  ,not-offensive
412,0, hillary is a good reason to keep the electoral college. ,not-offensive
413,0,  the definition of snowflake ,not-offensive
414,1, i saw some shit today that made me want to @ her and politely ask her if i could be her stylist.... because I am not here for these early 2000 bangle bracelets and unnecessary accessories like who is responsible? i have a few words. ,offensive
415,1,  and most hillary supporters are racist liberals. ,offensive
416,0,    you are exposing us face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
417,0,  wow more salinsky tactics ,not-offensive
418,0, he is bluffing. he should not have brought it up.  now trump need to insist or say it is proof he is lying. trump wins either way. ,not-offensive
419,1, house of flowers!!!!! shits crazy ,offensive
420,0, desirable? give me a woman over 30 anytime over a girl in her 20s anyday. to much to teach them and you can not relate on a higher level. you are beautiful and any man would be lucky to have you. ,not-offensive
421,1, he is moe ,offensive
422,0,      pedophilia is the worst of all evil ,not-offensive
423,1,    gun control is never sensible. ,offensive
424,0,   who is singular wiped out a number of lib dem councils in the north by going into bed with the conservatives thus losing local election seats.  now we have him trying to turn over a democratic vote on  brexit. ,not-offensive
425,1, i see you support gun control grinning face ,offensive
426,0,                                             awesome q meme on that! ,not-offensive
427,0, fun fact  rural areas with extremely high gun ownership rates has nearly zero homicide rates while urban areas with extreme gun control  low ownership rates  has astronomically high homicide rates. why is the correlation exactly opposite? ,not-offensive
428,0, I am not so sure.  only a mild increase in fl with more new rs than ds.  nor in texas.  nv shows about a +2  increase.   I have been struck by how small a role gun control seems to be playing in this election. ,not-offensive
429,0, well you are and we love you ,not-offensive
430,0,this can not be legal ... right?  kag  maga ,not-offensive
431,0,  love everything you are doing including you yourself. your voice vibe body sound flow is all awesome and yummy. will be waiting for the next song you make. good luck on your journey. ,not-offensive
432,0, did not a woman beat her? huh... ,not-offensive
433,0, you are the real disney princess ,not-offensive
434,0, you are welcome! yo!  and i were holding up a casual tournament watching you. good shit! ,not-offensive
435,0," diversity has become  tribalism.  culturalappropriation is left's 'unwinding of  america.  tcot  conservatives"""" ",not-offensive
436,0, he is reprehensible. him and durbin. ,not-offensive
437,0, dead party. ,not-offensive
438,0,                                        i am a warrior to many gardenstwo heartsbut without my country and childrenrevolving heartswhy gardenfolded handstwo hearts🇺🇸🇺🇸smiling face with sunglasses ,not-offensive
439,0, got kamara too he is the man ,not-offensive
440,1, there is an entire faction dedicated to the idea that school shootings are all faked to try to get gun control laws passed. ,offensive
441,0, we should all believe feinstein because she is so upstanding. she would never hir a spy from china and employee them for over 10 years. she needs to resign. trader. ,not-offensive
442,0, liberals ruin everything. ,not-offensive
443,1,  i believe that melania trump is an abused woman maybe not physically but definitely mentally by an abuser husband and she is afraid to speak out against her abuser. ,offensive
444,1,    who is fawning? and who are you to decide who is and who is not reasonable? it is fully possible to be reasonable and still be wrong. I am guessing you have never watched daves show and are going by what you have heard from people you are fawning over. ,offensive
445,0, yet the number of applications from liberals that were rejected was higher then yours.  you sound salty that the liberals had more people looking for use this program but you guys just had people with worst values. ,not-offensive
446,0,  he is by far sc’s best option. i do not want anyone else to start. it is just the reality of who he is. ,not-offensive
447,0, devout members of antifa though I am sure. ,not-offensive
448,1, kirinodere and the curious case of the fucked customs fees. 10 10 good book. ,offensive
449,1, i like that after dating for 8 months you finally understand it when i cringe at the word cock laughing out loud ,offensive
450,0,  everytime she opens her mouth more idiocy comes out of it...she is an embarrassment... but then she is a clinton... ,not-offensive
451,0,  and now we are off to get milk and cookies ,not-offensive
452,0, keep telling it like it is!   maga ,not-offensive
453,0, he is alt left. none of them use logic or make sense ,not-offensive
454,0,"    stop playing the pronoun game. what sides are being talked about? because a case can be made that both democrats and republicans are responsible due to both kowtowing to money from nra and manufacturers, but not both sides of anti gun control vs gun control"""""""" ",not-offensive
455,0,                                                 now do black lives matter. and antifa. ,not-offensive
456,1, OK handlight skin tone I have never seen anyone talk like that on twitter before and I have seen some really messed up shit ,offensive
457,0, thank you she is a gentle soul xxxface blowing a kissface blowing a kissface blowing a kissred heart️red heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
458,1, oh fuck yeah ,offensive
459,0,  yes as the democrats and liberals continue to sabotage the november elections it would be the intelligent thing to do so say 20+million veterans ,not-offensive
460,0, health and  nature under threat from  uk  us  ,not-offensive
461,0, she has no record on gun control. no thanks. ,not-offensive
462,0, because i dead have no clue who she is. ,not-offensive
463,0,    I have noticed a lot of conservatives are thoroughly disingenuous when engaging in twitter. ,not-offensive
464,1, it is more what she does than who she is ,offensive
465,1, hes sure as hell not one of is either... traitor liberals  all of them  ,offensive
466,1,"   you are hilarious!  you keep defending that woman.  i have watched her for over 20 years and she is a liar and a hypocrite and an obstructionist.  i like my crumbs"""".  she needs people like you to support her though."""" ",offensive
467,1, bono is clearly a racist ,offensive
468,0, happy birthday again namjoon! thank you for always sharing your thoughts and feelings with us! you are a beautiful person with a beautiful mind and heart purple heartsparkles Aries️ ,not-offensive
469,0, goodness. your wife and ex gf were both sexually abused? you liberals are into some weird stuff ,not-offensive
470,0,  i concede that is likely the case. i do think there is quite a number of people who are being anti serena because of who she is ,not-offensive
471,1, after the gop wins the mid terms easily there will be no reason we do not put on the masks and grab weapons to go all  antifa on people like you clowns have been doing. going to be so much fun!!!! ,offensive
472,0,  people change over time. why did the president change his stance on gun control after his first campaign? perhaps kaepernick embraced this issue after he read up on the history of this subject    a history you do not seem to acknowledge. ,not-offensive
473,0,   women + liberals.  nuff said.  kavanaugh to be confirmed next week regardless of these desperate games.  game over.   maga ,not-offensive
474,1, *as fuck. not ass fuck. although conservatives are fucking us all up the ass right now. ,offensive
475,1, hey why do not you look at what keith elison of minnesota get off your bully pulpit and do a investigation into his past abuse or do you just cheery pick ……!!! ,offensive
476,0, trump needs to move to egypt as he is constantly in de nile. ,not-offensive
477,0, red heart you are beloved! red heart ,not-offensive
478,1,  that is so sad and terrifying  i know it is been dropped to a 2 but all the reports I have seen says that does not mean shit for this storm. all you have to do is look at pictures of that thing to realize it is a fucking beast ,offensive
479,1,  my old ass was here ,offensive
480,0, trump's maga. hee haw!!!! ,not-offensive
481,0, it is a guy. guy looks like a sheila.  qanon  maga  greatawakening  crocodile dundee ,not-offensive
482,0,"   whyrwpreachesracism  rwluciferiancult i keep saying and its not simply rhetoric... these people are not by any bible definition christian anymore than the christian"""" conservatives who attended public lynchings of blacks often held as public spectacles on sunday after """"church"""" ",not-offensive
483,0,the dog is on the hunt!  maga   ,not-offensive
484,0,  good luck rolling on the floor laughing   maga  votered ,not-offensive
485,0,                                                 great group i follow all except the top two because they do not follow backwinking face retweeted. ,not-offensive
486,0,   politico reached out to the “65” women. only 2 stood by him. that is 65 63=2. got to break it down for  maga. ,not-offensive
487,0, picking acts by such nonsensical elements and portraying to world. pseudo liberals pastime. our's is a country with much great achievements dating back centuries. spread that. but that will not suit your agenda.  ,not-offensive
488,0,    source? legit only. no faux or its minions.  and just in case  antifa = anarchists. they are not left.  last  ,not-offensive
489,0,                thought I would share a boob picture too! ,not-offensive
490,0,  she is not related to him its weird laugh my ass off ,not-offensive
491,0, because he hates ,not-offensive
492,1," I am glad you think so. i know you could kick his ass yourself, but I will always have your back.""""  he knows he is doing his best.   """"that is awful. that you had to live like that. no child should have to experience such things.""""  shitty people like that should not be allowed near+"""" ",offensive
493,1," conservatives who quit rather than fight betray every claim that cons are patriots"""" and """"will fight for our constitution."""" it reveals extremism and defeatism at once. dems know they will win if they stick together. history proves it."""" ",offensive
494,0, blow hard ,not-offensive
495,1,   this leftist is what is wrong in liberal colleges. more ppl and students will come out and will unmask this corrupt woman who is determined to destroy a good judge because she wants only liberals in the courts.      ,offensive
496,1, she is so gross. an obvious hack ,offensive
497,0, sad for both!!! to be exploited and also to have a reputation destroyed! now I have read she is  part of antifa! ????! ,not-offensive
498,0,                                          it would ,not-offensive
499,1, gun control now! enough is enough! ,offensive
500,1, he really bisca fool huh ,offensive
501,0, I am sure you are missing the irony here  as does bojan . ,not-offensive
502,0,  you are great on the five. can you stay in thst spot permanently? ,not-offensive
503,0, he is spending your contributions. vote ted cruz!!!! ,not-offensive
504,1, bitch I am in the hood serving junkies in a maybach !!!! face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
505,1, neither does antifa or black lives matter or any other soros funded groups ,offensive
506,1, 3  you can not like justin all you want but the conservatives have no plan to even consider climate change and have been using blatant misinformation to lead people like yourself into believing that it is trudeau’s fault we are negotiating with a fucking sociopath down south ,offensive
507,0,. is also a member of the opened sig and she is also doing her  cmalt  altc ,not-offensive
508,0, why do affluent liberals like cooper who claim to support diversity usually live in areas without much diversity? ,not-offensive
509,0, no he came back to nyc w ducky ,not-offensive
510,0,   antifa members ,not-offensive
511,1, you fuckass ,offensive
512,0,  bring back coal and asbestos!!  maga ,not-offensive
513,0,                                            keep it going let us all remember vote!!! vote red!! let us do the  maga for our 🇺🇸🇺🇸. megaphoneyaay!!  maga!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Statue of LibertyStatue of LibertyStatue of Libertycollisioncollisioncollisionfirefirefiretornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornado ,not-offensive
514,0, if liberals can not win they will do whatever it takes to obstruct the process. ,not-offensive
515,0, breitbart is dead ,not-offensive
516,0,  proud of you sweet red heart️ ,not-offensive
517,0,new emergency hotline?what is down the road?  2 days ago  potus signs second state of emergency executive order?  social media censorship down the road?   maga  emergency  qanon  mondaymotivation  constitutionday ,not-offensive
518,0,   so what is your point? are you saying that uk gun control is not protecting our children because something might happen one day  therefore we should adopt a us style gun culture? ,not-offensive
519,0,  eradicating hiv and malaria in the middle of africa  good bloody luck ,not-offensive
520,1, the dems playing a con game. it must be antifa do not you think. ,offensive
521,0,   trump is declassifying information and there is nothing you can do about it.  he is not the subject of an investigation.  the fbi and doj have repeatedly said as much.  go back to your quackery. ,not-offensive
522,0, congratulations to our great american president. we will be doing great things together! maga  i q 2  wwg1wga ,not-offensive
523,0, do you support our potus?  please help by retweeting and following after voting!   long live usasmiling face with heart eyes  maga ,not-offensive
524,0, realdonaldtrump you have been rather quiet today. i hope that you have spent some time thinking about your endgame with vlad. i know you probably know this but you are very expendable to him. when we take the country back what will you do?he will not be happy with you! ponder this ,not-offensive
525,0, can not a man call his dog without some old bat bitching about it ?    ,not-offensive
526,0,  your statement sums up the lib dem party to be honest brett. and the conservatives....... and the labour party......... what a sorry state we are in!! ,not-offensive
527,0,    eto ba ang hindi corrupt? you are so naive if you think that this admin is different from previous admins ,not-offensive
528,0, she is she blocked me ,not-offensive
529,1, albert   conservatives are spreading the lie anderson cooper faked a hurricane... ,offensive
530,0, so. gut.  3  3  3  3 ,not-offensive
531,0, antifa has no place in society! ,not-offensive
532,0,   tippi hedren was in julie and jack  which rifftrax also did . the scene from birdemic that she is credited for was from that movie playing on the tv in the hotel. ,not-offensive
533,0, because they are so hateful and can not cover anything except trump.  i remember when wolf and anderson were actually decent journalists..... ,not-offensive
534,0,  is zoe getting married? i refuse to believe this. she is still a baby. a baby. lol. ,not-offensive
535,0, have we become angels?? best ,not-offensive
536,1, yes comie  communist pun intended  we do and will emerge stronger when you and all  your cronies are put to death at gitmo. we the people will indeed be stronger.  maga  draintheswamp ,offensive
537,1, happy 1stbirthday to savage songs from a broken world ! this time lst yr it dropped in my door and damn did it do some shit! musical notes little did we all know the ride it was going to take you and us as fans on. thank you for this masterpiece!  garynuman  savage  no2album ,offensive
538,1,  metoo is the best weapon the liberals have because there is no due process .. its all disgusting ... and woman are the ones using it as the weapon .. shameful and typical liberalism .. use emotions for their own benefit ...   poster child for using woman ,offensive
539,1, you are so dope man ,offensive
540,0, it is different when they are trying to argue with you why you are wrong for believing in a different god. I am all for respecting their religion but i deserve respect back ,not-offensive
541,1, this jag off ref tony corrente needs to get out of the nfl. he is a bias piece of garbage. he made a horrible bad call in packer game which changed the game. he is a liar and will not admit when he is wrong! nfl please fire tony corrente ,offensive
542,0,  i do not understand how it is racist tho.. ,not-offensive
543,1," my thoughts and prayers are with the families.  random mass shootings, which plague our nation, are not normal and we as a country can not allow them to be normalized,"""" craley said"""",   the truth is these mass shootings are becoming too """"normal"""".  gun control would certainly help."""" ",offensive
544,0, always allege that she is a poor girl and with tenacity and efforts win over this position for future congresswoman ...if she win. ,not-offensive
545,0,  twitter is very sneaky about censoring conservatives n  various ways. there definitely  needs to be an investigation. ,not-offensive
546,0, i do not know any gop who think delusion.  i do know gop who realize that liberals lie about everything. ,not-offensive
547,0, absolutely. he is very special. ,not-offensive
548,1, and this coming from the sick puppy liberals at the beast. ,offensive
549,1, ohhhhhh i cried big crocodile tears the first time my daddy called me a bitchface with tears of joy took it on the chin like a champ but ran to my room to cry just like a bitchskull ,offensive
550,1, liar!!!!.... see clarence thomas confirmation.... this was never about the lie!..it was always a delay tactic...nothing more...disgusting liberals and the game they call 'politics' ,offensive
551,0,   i hope  ask  about the deep state and swamp creatures undermining president’s agendas and latest  video ,not-offensive
552,0, why do not we pray for better gun control laws first? ,not-offensive
553,0, hope he is feeling much better!!! ,not-offensive
554,0,  i believe this is what you are refering to ,not-offensive
555,0,  you are a nut ,not-offensive
556,0,"  if she is lying she needs to be sued for defamation of character and include chuck schumer and dianne feinstein in the lawsuit! proof is not substantiated by a bunch of man hating pc me two girls"""" that want free sex and then abortions paid for by the government!"""" ",not-offensive
557,0, what is shocked me is that they consider themselves seculars !!!! liberals !!! those kind of yoga vegan freaks ! but when it is about occupation they shift to something els ! ,not-offensive
558,0," billions of dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!""""  can someone on the maga side please point me to what new plants are currently under construction?  because this is false as i understand it.  ",not-offensive
559,0,                                                  amen !!! we are ready !!!  folded handsrevolving heartsrevolving heartsrevolving heartsfolded hands ,not-offensive
560,1, yessssshhhhh who else call you shitgull if it were not me or ryme kissing face with closed eyes ,offensive
561,0, you meant to say for yourself. now is it time to talk about gun control? ,not-offensive
562,0, micropoetry  it is a really big top new hair not just a wig some new technology that will soon be blasé  even if underneath it all she is so gloriously bald. . ,not-offensive
563,1,  not supporting trump is the lowest low bar. I am glad someone does not support trump. it does not make them an ally. there are plenty of conservatives who hate trump who are not also pure trash. ,offensive
564,0,  no his stream chat laugh my ass off i raided him and he was not reading chat like the cutie he is ,not-offensive
565,1, you are a piece of shit for saying that fema was successful in helping puerto rico after hurricane maria. 3000 people died. you think that is successful? you really have no soul. you are a fucking horrible human being. i do not even think you are human. fuck you!!! ,offensive
566,1,  idk what to think about her...but with her eyes like they r...she is naturally bugging out all the time...which is untrustworthy ,offensive
567,0,  because cheat if you have to!  just win at any cost is the new  motto.      and maga and shit.raised fist ,not-offensive
568,1,  that is fucking rude to do that ,offensive
569,0,    do not tell me she is at it again ,not-offensive
570,0,  can you name one democratic leader who endorses open borders?  second point syntactically nonsensical.  i lament climate change and i do not have a private jet.   i favor more gun control and i do not glorify guns or have armed security.   who is this fantasy “they” you r fixated on? ,not-offensive
571,0, wow you liberals really do not have a sense of humor.face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
572,1, . your the perfect example of why americans despise lying liberals. disgusting ,offensive
573,1,  landon sucks i asked him for my birthday if i could play with him but he never got back to me so landon you suck ,offensive
574,0,          good vibes going towards robert!!! ,not-offensive
575,1, thanks joe!!! my sanity was forsaken a looong time ago hahaha ,offensive
576,1,  they gone eat his high yellow ass rolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
577,1,  no real american would watch this crap ,offensive
578,0,".   what say you now?  i guess it is victory hand️for liberals to use the so called white power"""" gesture.  ",not-offensive
579,0, do not use his nj address.  he is never there. ,not-offensive
580,0, someone wrote it for her. she is irrelevant!! ,not-offensive
581,0,                had all but one. agreed every one of these maga patriots is a must follow. let us do this together for our great nation in 2018! then repeat in 2020 and 2022!!! ,not-offensive
582,1,     he lost his virginity this process has been turned into a clown show protestors democrats paid for was unethical there hate shows in everyway trump denounced natzi group  and bad on both sides which is true but democrats refuse to denounce antifa a democratic domestic terror  ,offensive
583,0, i do not recall a president ever taking random questions for a long period of time and answering almost everyone of them.  and liberals accuse him of being a king or tyrant?  pretty accommodating. ,not-offensive
584,0,  one can always tell when dr  is not telling the truth. his mouth is moving! why on earth would anyone expect the  not to cosy up to trump? ,not-offensive
585,0,  or lower some liberals retirement fund idea's ,not-offensive
586,0,  before this scumbag considers running for president i want him to publicly swear under oath that when he was in school he never tried to cop a feel as these liberals like to show themselves as pure as the driven snow. ,not-offensive
587,0,    and there is  brexit backhand index pointing downlight skin tone ,not-offensive
588,1, dominos is ass ,offensive
589,0, she is so little and moving so fast laughing out loud ,not-offensive
590,0,  american conservatives do not give one shit about the terrorist group hamas or what they think and or believe. ,not-offensive
591,1, he is nuts who would have ever imagined that the us would have concentration camps......he is the devil ,offensive
592,1,  the pope is satan incarnate ,offensive
593,0, do not you have to have some proof?thinking face ,not-offensive
594,1, do i care prohibitedpe.  hope they fold like a cheap table.  wonder what the spoiled primadonnas do when their huge salaries can not be made.  bet it will not be bailed out like gm and too big to fail banks were ,offensive
595,0, i never said that. i merely refuted the statement that they do not have a tight end. virgil green is a solid tight end when he is surrounded by the talent that the chargers have ,not-offensive
596,1, and i you ya sexy lady you ♡ ,offensive
597,1,   traitor whoever he or she is. ,offensive
598,0,    he is an awesome dog. almost worth the trip ,not-offensive
599,0, good. he is a head case. go get a passrusher ,not-offensive
600,0, i was actually thinking you were joining antifa. ,not-offensive
601,0,  rodenbury was against violence and would have advocated for gun control. ,not-offensive
602,0,  you can listen to it on the dana show podcast! ,not-offensive
603,1," yes, joy  ?....  you were about to say six and a half years?"""" because that is correct, you sociopath.  you are """"stuck with this  ,""""  f of are  t h e  n e x t  six and one half years.    maga2kag   🇺🇸  winning"""" ",offensive
604,0,   oh no benefits and employment goes up! see how it works yet? ,not-offensive
605,1,97  of americans want a form of gun control. 62  of americans want the government to protect the environment. 75  of americans say immigration is a good thing and 100  of americans believe that hotdogs belong in the crusts of pizzas and if the italians do not like it they can suck it. ,offensive
606,0,a few things that happened to me in between  kufball road wins    got married  had sex twice  got divorced ,not-offensive
607,0, this makes me proud to be a resident of the city of atlanta! good to see places in georgia still have character and integrity to do what is right and just amidst a state who can never seem to get that part together. ,not-offensive
608,1, at least brennan is smart enough to recognize that trump is a lion. he is not smart enough to know that he can not hurt trump. hurting trump is what that idiot fantasies about. ,offensive
609,0, he is a millionaire. trust me he will just fine. ,not-offensive
610,0, you know this ford is an avowed radical leftist with ties to soros and antifa right? plum crazy! ,not-offensive
611,0, did not break rules. had permission. a liar. ,not-offensive
612,1,   kwasia does  your shatta wale even have a career to start with . idiot..his reign album hype seff dey zero . as if he is not about to release an album face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyperson facepalmingmedium light skin tone‍male sign️person facepalmingmedium light skin tone‍male sign️ hype no yh vim zero ,offensive
613,0, i love carole! she is so smart i will really miss her!  rhony was hoping you would have been a great addition to  or another political show. any news on what you will do next? red heart️ ,not-offensive
614,0, ownthelibs interesting documentation of reactionary behaviour from conservatives  ,not-offensive
615,1, sorry...nothing but a setup to try and appease the socialist democratic wacked out liberals. we are not stupid ,offensive
616,0, enjoy them before those liberals take them white boys down for being white ! ,not-offensive
617,1, gutierrez you are such a liar that is all you guys are good for ,offensive
618,0, the truth about gun control and human nature in one picture. ,not-offensive
619,1," primary argument against  kavanaugh is that he is too constitutional""""  the democrats started a civil war during clinton  they heightened their propaganda during obama  they are scared animals backed into a corner  antifa, blm and ms13 are their sturmabteilung"""" ",offensive
620,0," the comments that we should pity her because she is obviously not mentally well piss me off to no extent. if a poc did this they would not be concerned"""" about their mental well being."""" ",not-offensive
621,0, he is so cute! ,not-offensive
622,1, eat my ass oh my god you better be lying ,offensive
623,1, state level crime when the alleged offender was a juvenile. silly liberals no crime committed by kavanaugh but probably one by the liar ford  democratsdividinganddestroyingamerica  democratshateamerica ,offensive
624,1, republicans grow some balls and start playing dirty like these liberals assholes do! ,offensive
625,1, he is a dumbass !!!!! ,offensive
626,0, and I will assume you are anti jujubes? ,not-offensive
627,0,"  i disagree. see antifa."""""""" ",not-offensive
628,1, antifa is a terrorist organization ,offensive
629,0, a proven record of failure so why not. ,not-offensive
630,0, victoriasecrets being political? omg... give it up. you are killing half your profits when you slur conservatives. 🇺🇸  kag ,not-offensive
631,0,  hi amy...your book is on my read list...thanks for speaking out hope you are doing wellslightly smiling face ,not-offensive
632,0, why are the tweets that conservatives are retweeting with comments suddenly unavailable? i cannot see what they are talking about if the original tweet is no longer available. anyone else noticing this? ,not-offensive
633,0, battle of the hags! ,not-offensive
634,0, 10 cities to avoid this winter ,not-offensive
635,0, oh i love this so much and had no idea your daughter and family had been through the struggle of childhood leukemia. so happy to hear she is a healthy strong college athlete! much love to you and yours... red heart️flexed bicepslight skin tonered heart️ ,not-offensive
636,0,maga mike mack has the funniest tweet ever. i know he is  pissed but it is funny  jonesout ,not-offensive
637,0,people are sick of books from crooks.    maga  redwaverising ,not-offensive
638,1," you know what will make this professor even woker""""? if he is a gun control nut...."""" ",offensive
639,0,  tough to speak your mind at work if your a conservative..amazing that this occurred in work setting. bizarre. ,not-offensive
640,0, he is not allowed to do this he needs to be prosecuted ,not-offensive
641,0, i know she is 15 but i still do not think it is real ,not-offensive
642,0, congratulation you are a pun master party popperparty popper ,not-offensive
643,1,"   you should.have tried more, perhaps a bjp or rss connection could have been fixed"""".masters would be happy dhanya"""" ",offensive
644,1," phooey! it was not about stepping forward"""" it was about  helping  wield a crude sharp axe on the uk's poor and vulnerable. he is a total hypocrite and fraud in a stupid affected style hat."""" ",offensive
645,0,  now they will have to pay more for their maga hats. ,not-offensive
646,0,           i would like to thank those at whitehall whom have supported me. please see press statement below big thanks    wishing you all the best for vote2019 ,not-offensive
647,1,  because 45  of americans are too lazy to vote.  non voters skew liberal. and too many liberals who do vote throw their vote away on 3rd party losers. next question? ,offensive
648,1, time to vote and spit in the eye of all these liberals ,offensive
649,0,   maga make alcatraz great again ,not-offensive
650,0, antifa zeckenbiss by the way?  hetzjagd ,not-offensive
651,0,    and democrats are out here trying to have policies of gun control. try watching other news outlets other than fox. ,not-offensive
652,1,. . . .  hypocrisymuch? . . . that is why you are an enemy to the people  fakenews go against political opponents and hide crimes from  liberals  bigstuff! ,offensive
653,0, is my absolute favorite in sharp objects. she is absolutely sensational. ,not-offensive
654,0,"      and not one bit of any of that has anything to do with trump at all.""""   liberals could care less who was responsible and that the majority of the indictments were people potus never met that did things while obama was asleep at the wheel. facts do not matter to the left."""" ",not-offensive
655,1,  i would not trust chuck schumer ever. he is a liar and the president does not trust him either. ,offensive
656,0, did not the polls say hillary was going to be president??? ,not-offensive
657,0, sure thingsmirking face ,not-offensive
658,1, fuck you ,offensive
659,0, did you hear that  had a game taken away from her because she called an official a theif after he took a point and he only took a game away from her because she is a woman and he would never have done that to a man? would love to hear your thoughts on this ,not-offensive
660,0, tough to say because football manages to appeal to all sides of the spectrum except maybe the far most liberals... sorry for the rant lol  ,not-offensive
661,1,     haha face with tears of joy trump is still winning. it is fun to watch the liberals literally go insane. ,offensive
662,1, did not this trashy thing sleep her way to the top with married men? ,offensive
663,0,  their gullibility.   they think if a politician has an r by their name he is a good guy and do not research that person at all. ,not-offensive
664,0,    republicans do not believe in expanding government. conservatives want to shrink government.... you are a fake conservative....you are a treasonous fraud.... enjoy russia ,not-offensive
665,0," shooting stars are pretty."""""""" ",not-offensive
666,0,and could prove we are in opposite roles? the duality of everything. very scary. but i can not feed that thought rn .  need to think abt how grateful i am that she is saying these things because it is finally getting to me that i can not keep caring abt her and that she is not who i think she is ,not-offensive
667,1,   great. here is how today has gone  floris wanted to spank me. leah wanted to stab me. curtis will not back me up. adam still looks great at 67 or however old as fuck he is... kl has a bigger dick than me but she is a she...hethinking face...she?!? ,offensive
668,1, hitler would be so proud of david hogg ,offensive
669,1, but not long ago the same ray went off on a follower  who quite possibly pays for his services  for pointing out a guy  do not remember who  for getting injured again. you guys pay this assholes bills ,offensive
670,1, fuckoff you been knew I am scared of him@ ,offensive
671,0,                                                  jesus inherited the sinful genes from sinful mary. it was in jesus blood to commit sin. ,not-offensive
672,1, fuck yeah! ,offensive
673,0, be like haiti and obama and clinton ,not-offensive
674,0, he is always at the corey of the non issue. ,not-offensive
675,1,   i know you are not this naive. those people make up a very small   of trump supporters. do all liberals support terrorist and  groups such as antifa? ,offensive
676,0, thank you for this tweet.   give them a call                 ,not-offensive
677,0,     no kidding and i do not support that. still does not cancel out the many violent protests by antifa. the money and support has been traced to george soros and he is a big player within the democrat party ,not-offensive
678,0," does this mean you do not share the left's usual view on the 2nd amendment or does the constitution as the liberals say change with the times""""?"""" ",not-offensive
679,1,  conversely you apparentl do not care about kids unless they are shot at school and can be used to promote gun control. funny that ar you hate so much is used to kill far less people than criminals do with their arms and legs. when do you start calling for everyone to be dismembered? ,offensive
680,0, he is a very funny man is not he.  i suspect even he does not really believe this. ,not-offensive
681,0,   i absolutely agree!! i have tried rallying people on twitter. asking them to follow each other. strength in numbers. i vote. i work the polls for early election and election day. i speak with liberals. i forwarded maxine walters rants to the secret service. ,not-offensive
682,1, boy is that professor stupid or else has a mental illness. he obviously should not be teaching anyone! ,offensive
683,0,  i could not agree more. and the unions attacking her are politicizing it far more than she is by turning it into a press release. i wrote about this last year. ,not-offensive
684,1,  actually he is a soy boy. ,offensive
685,0,  it also means her treacherous actions will seriously offend 70  of  who voted to  leave all *four pillars* of the corrupt  eu.  chuckmay  chuckchequers  bojo4pm ,not-offensive
686,1, fascist left are everywhere. we must crush them  boycotts work folks. ,offensive
687,0,the gop has two choices  1  confirm kavanauh and possibly lose the house. 2  dump kavanauh definitely lose the house and have their supporters  walkaway    maga   dotherightthing   confirmkavanaugh ,not-offensive
688,0, i love the video articles and the diagrams. the stories are not too long and you are doing a great job of teaching. in fact I would love to see more. ,not-offensive
689,0, listening to your show yesterday morning on dfla an obvious  yet completely missed  thing jumped out at me. false flags. first thing antifa types do is post inflammatory stuff on websites and then report it as proof of racism. ,not-offensive
690,0, hey jimmy  the view had norm on.   the view!!!!!  you are sad. ,not-offensive
691,0, we stan two whole ass visuals ,not-offensive
692,1,  she is a piece of shit and i am not sorry for my bluntness. from now on i am going to say what i think whether bluntly or rudely! ,offensive
693,0, another phoney poll!!  fakenews ,not-offensive
694,0, this is another attempt from the democratic liberals to bash a judge this did not come out any other time and since it is many years ago she should have to prove it and i still think they should have that vote also there a democrat running for mayor and he paid his girlfriend ,not-offensive
695,0,  everybody talks about the weather . . . we do not  we confront them when we make sure that what does not suit us never happens again. do not blather that it is too violence. the action  antifa is not crocheting doilies! ,not-offensive
696,0,stocks record high   url    maga ,not-offensive
697,1, fool ,offensive
698,1, of course he is offended he is ill due to liberalism! ,offensive
699,0, he is loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face he is so precious sparkling heart ,not-offensive
700,0, while for republicans there is no difference in   of agw belief between phds and college freshmen because conservatives are more open minded people who are able to question consensus  plus tend to get degrees in more practical fields like eng. instead of airy fairy artsy bs. ,not-offensive
701,0,  you are way off ,not-offensive
702,0,  because gun control worked so well for chicago? ,not-offensive
703,1,  you are whoring yourself out for nra   ! ,offensive
704,1,    name the social injustices caused by the gop and the death of anyone caused by members of it i dare you. how many people have lost their lives to the idiocy of gun control? ,offensive
705,1, about 20 of them motherfuckers double exclamation mark️ ,offensive
706,1,  yeah and guess what helped dc become not the murder capital of the world?  gun control! it works! ,offensive
707,0, dangerous obnoxious garbage....good luck doctor ,not-offensive
708,1, yup fooled antifa threw big old fire pit rocks at mah truck called the cops said them commies dunnit neat lawyer trick huh ,offensive
709,1,1   yal stupid people tell me to “back off because he is like obsessed” bitch who has been to all the football games. walks to class. does literally everything for them. knows exact dates and numbers for everything me. only reasons I am not competition because she are not gay ,offensive
710,0,   how many  backbenchers think it is workable? ,not-offensive
711,0," you are the one that left on his own. I am not your daddy to tell you to stay, even if i do, you will not anyway.""""  there is just no in hell way that cerberus would ever be soft to dante and respect him right? two can play at this game."""" ",not-offensive
712,1, shitttt. i do and does. ,offensive
713,1,  except for the little attempted rape thing he is just a wonderful guy ,offensive
714,0,                       got all of you  please follow backthumbs up ,not-offensive
715,1, oh shit uhhh what ao3 fic is this ,offensive
716,0, gawd help us. ,not-offensive
717,1, it is good for our gun business. more guns sell when these people bring up gun control. keep up the great work. guns for all. ,offensive
718,1,  but refugees! marijuana! peoplekind! gun control! ,offensive
719,0, i think you are part of the russia conspiracy. plenty of evidence will soon be found and you will be locked up! ,not-offensive
720,0, good morning. you are welcome. ,not-offensive
721,0,"antifa ally  yvette felarca   takes a hit to the head """"  berkeley 8 5 18 via  ",not-offensive
722,0,in honor of  constitutionday  i purchased a  trump t shirt and a  maga hat   trumptrain  liberty  freedom  america  usa  liberty ,not-offensive
723,0,"  i can not help it if i like having air clean enough to breathe and i do not like the 1 ers doing everything they can to keep the rest of us poor. remember when nestlé's former cea claimed we do not have a right"""" to water?  i ****ing hate clueless conservatives."""" ",not-offensive
724,0,women were treated as 2nd class citizens for thousands of years. we are supposed to be an enlightened society. there is no reason women should not be treated as equals now. sexual assault is a crime! fbi needs to investigate  kavanaugh!   maga  makeamericagreatagain ,not-offensive
725,0, laughing out loud he is funny ,not-offensive
726,0,  yes sir! ,not-offensive
727,0," i just said that very same thing. that christians"""" create a life death for dr. ford or stormy daniels who tell their stories, but i do not see  not counting antifa  that happening from us to them. it is so weird.  not very christ like of them, at the least of it, and so vile, etc"""" ",not-offensive
728,0, I am sorry you are going through this. ,not-offensive
729,0, sounds great    i already came up with 2 dumb drawings involving her that i am not sure if i should make or not....espacily since i have not even read the chapters of the manga where she is in yet ,not-offensive
730,0,      anonymous has always been a resistance tactic idea. it does not matter who is leading they are an enemy since anon does not take political sides. there are anons who support the idea of antifa and there are those who do not. but no one speaks for the entirety of anonymous. ,not-offensive
731,0, huh? i want gun control eliminated. i want all americans to be able to keep and bear arms. if they abuse that right then deprive them of it. ,not-offensive
732,0, morning ,not-offensive
733,1, that is unepic ,offensive
734,1, so you realize what a fool you are making of yourself with your weird obsession over  susansarandon maybe do some research before spouting off nonsense. ,offensive
735,0, well did not james comey lie? or does it only count of you are not fbi? i thought under oath was under oath. maybe i am wrong. ,not-offensive
736,0, can we all agree that tomlins seat is heating up? I am tired of hearing hes safe over his regular season record. he is wasting championship opportunities and the shenanigans are getting old ,not-offensive
737,1,  shut that wanker up ,offensive
738,0, exactly. she does not want to perjure herself since she is being nothing but a paid actress. ,not-offensive
739,0,                                              retweet complete and followed all patriots!🇺🇸tornado️police car lightcross markvictory hand️ ,not-offensive
740,0,  i banned him personally a long time ago. but it is not breaking the law when i do it. ,not-offensive
741,0, so much respect for that man wherever he is.red circlewhite circle️ ,not-offensive
742,1, i know many too !!! we liberals just do not feel the need to dance around waving them like the maga idiots. ,offensive
743,1, someone is is asking if davido was not supposed to be in camp? oga madam park well!! davido's business is non of your business. na you send am go school? haterz... chop shit n die ,offensive
744,0,   yes he is ,not-offensive
745,0,  the purrfect portrait! she even has her tail wrapped around her paws! she is beautiful in this shot! ,not-offensive
746,0,                                                 pc or not has nothing to do with common decency...face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
747,0,"11 21 political corruption   texans  among liberals and conservs, r's and d's, large majorities favor limits on campaign spending and say the high cost of campaigning discourages many good candidates from running for president.”  betoforsenate ",not-offensive
748,0, you are so wrong. although i have not  had a whopper in 40 years ,not-offensive
749,0,please  retweet thumbs up  please  share smiling face with open mouth   smiling eyes   thankyou folded hands   love  share  life  money  crowdfunding  gofundme  monsterfunder   please  support ex dem fervent maga  🇺🇸   donate here  today    down arrow️ ,not-offensive
750,1,. molested me 35 yrs ago when i was 11yrs old. i did not want to say it till now. she should thrown in jail. according to  liberals and  metoo you have to accept my allegations blindly. there i said it  confirmjudgekavanaughnow  senatorfeinstein  democratshateamerica ,offensive
751,0, she is a war criminal. by the nuremberg standard clinton and every other so is and pres should be behind bars. ,not-offensive
752,1, trudeau and liberals are incompetent to handle it. ,offensive
753,1, rezz is a dumb bitch who will get a rude awakening from bnf in mexico laughing out loud ,offensive
754,0,  you are so far of the mark at times. you seem to be completely detached from the masses.... ,not-offensive
755,0,  and so is the duster thank god ,not-offensive
756,0, he do not seems happy just look at his eyes its like he is staring into  your souls ,not-offensive
757,1,  chloe shut the fuck up. seriously get a fucking life and leave us alone. idk how many time we have to fucking tell you. because you clearly you do not fucking get it. ,offensive
758,0,  a true ass statement right here ,not-offensive
759,1, bitch call me. ,offensive
760,0,  person shruggingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️ if he is gay oh well face with tears of joyface with tears of joy he be havin mfs hot! laughing out loud i like how he plays ,not-offensive
761,0, gun control is a weak subject for him. two hands please ,not-offensive
762,0, ahhh lurch  go back to wind surfing. ,not-offensive
763,0, chuck is too old to play their games. he is going forward. ,not-offensive
764,0,   i guess i will not sit down and shut up then missy. i have a major problem with this situation. since none of us were there and it is her word against his should we just assume she is telling the truth? or is this just politics? ,not-offensive
765,0,"  in this tweet is a whole lot of conservatives"""" calling for a victims head on a fake account. you all keep being awesome citizens!  s jfc, most of you belong in jail if you act the same way irl.  lockthemup  kavanope"""" ",not-offensive
766,1, rip laugh my ass off who knows face with tears of joy that is why I am trying so hard not to expose my shits since they can not never relate anyway ,offensive
767,0, emmy hosts on monday night take shots at  trump and  conservatives    maga  boycotthollywood ,not-offensive
768,0,    where did you get that kavanaugh does not want an investigation?   cnn? ,not-offensive
769,1, does not surprise me. texans hate liberals with  soros backing. ,offensive
770,1, he is a lying stack of shit too. ,offensive
771,0,          the world wide phenomenon of podcasting and mvp of shittalking! ,not-offensive
772,0,  it is probably better to have an cross markcross mark next to my name than a pink pussy hat on my head  thinking facethinking facethinking facethinking face   maga   makeamericagreatagain ,not-offensive
773,1,  and that is where you are seeing what you want to see. you think these people want to look manly and powerful. i see them expressing solidarity. what a useless thing to mock. ,offensive
774,1, that was awesome. i love hearing you destroy the liberals but most of all trudeau ,offensive
775,1,  david stop been a mouthpiece for the anti gun people you r nothing but a worm looking for fame now remember that antifa blm and all the radical left groups are violent and hurt people too but of course you agree with them ,offensive
776,1,"  are not nobody bitter here. women who know their worth spending their life upgrading"""" somebody son but actually living it and becoming their best versions for themselves. you go look cute on your maid outfit, like you always do"""" ",offensive
777,0,  antifa doing the lords work.   antifaschismuswirkt ,not-offensive
778,1,   lindsey... sean hannity talks to an echo chamber simply to hear himself.  he is not a journalist but a news pundit with his own weird conspiratorial agenda supported by well crafted partial facts aimed at a very narrow audience.  he really is a laughable fool for trump.. ,offensive
779,1, heard from who? you and your lying jealous cronies??? ,offensive
780,0, awesome clapping handslight skin toneclapping handslight skin toneclapping handslight skin toneclapping handslight skin tone. of course the left will think differently but who cares. this is great!!! ,not-offensive
781,0, you are an amazing momred heart ,not-offensive
782,1, moore just got don elected again. liberals never learn. he is more unlikable than trump ,offensive
783,0, it is all liberals have. they are truly vile. ,not-offensive
784,0, happy now liberals! ,not-offensive
785,1, he is! talking about “ i do not need excuses i just need my money” skullface with tears of joy ,offensive
786,0, what did you just notice that he is not actually a good speaker just a good reader ,not-offensive
787,0,"     when we lead, sheeple follow"""" ",not-offensive
788,0,  thank god for the ppc party eh true conservatives who believe in getting out of the paris accord and dropping supply and demand on dairy ,not-offensive
789,0,     we can win the menendez seat for  maga!  🇺🇸 there are 2.4 million registered independent republicans in nj and we outnumber establishment r’s 2 1!  🇺🇸 only 2.1 million registered d’s in nj  🇺🇸 on november 6th in  nj r is for rino!  🇺🇸 this mid term in  nj true red is i are ,not-offensive
790,1, lolol god he is such an a**hole. ,offensive
791,0, hello i ate soup and now I am very tired but i love you ,not-offensive
792,0, maga deep state video exposed  ,not-offensive
793,1, a vulgar attempt to reduce sisterhood to genitalia..... ,offensive
794,0, he had to fuck up. you can only give a guy so many chances no matter how talented he is ,not-offensive
795,1, how? you can not just say “wrong” with no evidence for why it is. you said you agree with sargon I am pretty much every subject but gun control and healthcare. that is not what a centrist believes. ,offensive
796,1, i saw it but mi*rosoft sucks at translations ,offensive
797,1,"   your continual use of left liberal progressive on your show are euphemisms for the democrat party who owns"""" them until deny them and ideology.  you are lying to the public by not calling a spade a spade."""" ",offensive
798,0, he is irrelevant ,not-offensive
799,0, if the  really want to conserve everything that is great about the  uk then they really need to bury this  fracking nonsense and do everything possible to make us energy efficient and fossil fuel free.   please do the right thing!    ,not-offensive
800,0, just noticed that twitter will block anything about a certain billionaire who buys people to accuse conservatives of wrong doing. ,not-offensive
801,0, you are beloved x2 ,not-offensive
802,0,  balls ,not-offensive
803,0, “all part of a plan” by conservative’s budgets!  even a layperson like me knew that it was exactly what would happen by cutting policing!   clapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping hands  to  ,not-offensive
804,0,  he is ,not-offensive
805,0,  he is a genius! ,not-offensive
806,0, an insult to holocaust survivors and their families. an embarrassment to film making. ,not-offensive
807,1, god damn you are so fucking valid ,offensive
808,0, I am very excited to buy more lol. the lady at the con all her manga was  6 and she told me some other cons she is going to be at so i want to go to this one in chicago next year face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
809,0, hello... the problem with more gun control is the only people that guns are being taken away from or ‘controlled’ as you say are people like me who has the legal right to carry a gun. so before you continue to scream gun control... look at who it would affect. ,not-offensive
810,1, it really is. my abs are lot more defined but i miss lifting heavy ass weight. thank you girl! ,offensive
811,1, go away my child. you are so boring that you can not even entertain a doubt.pile of poopile of poopig facepig face ,offensive
812,0,.    my cfb 10  tbt at 9pm  and you are scheduled  with me tonight!  check in! ,not-offensive
813,1," the problem is, the people who will read this and go oh shit he is a cunt"""" already think he is. the rednecks and retards that already support him will believe it is fake news."""" ",offensive
814,0,   yes we need gun control. it is out of control! ,not-offensive
815,0, 2011 i still got all my shits ,not-offensive
816,0, remember him defending antifa? i ‘member ,not-offensive
817,0, shit jamming ju ,not-offensive
818,0, that is the biggest worry never seen such attacks on the press i will say it until i am blue in the face if we lose the freedom of the press we all lose if you repeat a lie long enough people will believe it keep on doing what you are doing do not let them win ,not-offensive
819,1, he is the worst person. ,offensive
820,0, I am not the one deleting my tweets so people can not see the unprompted and unwarranted undeserved personal attack you commenced our interaction with  and how and why you got so far up my nose that i responded in the kind of language you are clearly more familiar with than i ,not-offensive
821,0, ...stay classy!!...what a bully   if i were the ump i take her to court for bringing his reputation into disrepute...thinking facethinking facethinking face ,not-offensive
822,0, they help him all along and now that he is better and ok and sober they cut him ?? ,not-offensive
823,0,   yes he is an excellent chairperson ,not-offensive
824,0,         the american revolution would never have happened with gun control.  usconstitution ,not-offensive
825,1, its interesting to see the hypocrisy with these liberals when last year it was discovered that there was a “hush fund” for congressional  sexual scandals while working for the government ,offensive
826,1,   i am sure he is doing that in his organization.   also respect is a two way street. law enforcement  job is to protect  and serve its citizens.  it like they miss that part . ,offensive
827,0, but please get a better barber first. ,not-offensive
828,1,    not a conservative. antifa is a left wing terror group that uses fascist tactics and violence to silence opposing views. they are no different than the “sturmabteilung” brown shirts. thugs. ,offensive
829,0, this is absolutely unbelievable.  so these protests and mobs are run out of the state dept.??? how about antifa?? no wonder they all wear masks. probably govt. employees using their pto's.  it would explain how so many people can show up anywhere on a weekday. ,not-offensive
830,1, laugh my ass off good one ! now listen up sparky your wife is a disease she is a bought and paid for evil  soulless  propaganda arm for child murderers and russian agents. so stick with your cutsie  tweets but I would prepare for a long prison sentence if i were you. ,offensive
831,0,     maybe they should have started the checks 10 years ago arron then there would not be so many bloody liberals in the party. ,not-offensive
832,0, she is so beautiful but looks like dad ,not-offensive
833,0, omg yessss! ,not-offensive
834,0,       you look beautiful ashley.yr home away from home! you look so comfortable.hey  let us bring bridget home 2b w the rest of her familyandfriends as a regular on the show.I am a diehard fanandwant aj back on television screen where she is happiest  bringbridgethome  bringbridgetback red heartaj ,not-offensive
835,0,  case and point society through mind manipulation is causing people to do horrendous things hurting weaker creatures is a sign of a deeply troubled individual but yet the left focuses more on gun control than on getting to the core of the mental health of the people ,not-offensive
836,0, for sure... i have been laughing of them a longt time. rolling on the floor laughing    ,not-offensive
837,0,   oh...july...so like 35 and 3 4 years ago...  no...that is a difference maker.  i had no idea!   please share your thoughts on serial woman abuser and antifa lover  thinking face ,not-offensive
838,0, hopefully he is a titan sooner than later    ,not-offensive
839,1, you a cold bitch ,offensive
840,0,   you forgot antifa ,not-offensive
841,0, well do some research and dairy and gluten allergies are major problems with mental health from anxiety and depression to bi polar and schizophrenia.. its a tough diet but if you are sick of feeling like you are its way worth it ,not-offensive
842,0,montana restaurant denies  donjr use of its facility for campaign rally.   donaldtrumpjr  wednesdaywisdom  theresistance  maga  trump  foxnews  resist  impeachtrump ,not-offensive
843,1,   they are obstructionists. anti american. pharisees. ask them what they are running on and you get nothing. maga! ,offensive
844,0,*goes to song suffragettes*  waitress  “there is a  15 minimum food and drinks charge” me to waitress   “who do you think you are?” ,not-offensive
845,1, the vile creature is trying to portray herself as some fierce bitch at the same time she knows that is not what the gun control conversation is about. paper tiger ,offensive
846,0, liberals are kind bad slow at this or they just stalling. ,not-offensive
847,1,"    yes, you are right  not only lefties but  neo  liberals having any trouble. this papers have proper journalistic ethics""""   it is funny smiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes  and  magyar nemzet or népszabadság had """"highest circulation""""   it is also funny  only in the communistic past  before 1989   smiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes! ",offensive
848,0,  when you have politicians running on concepts like “sanctuary cities”.... what do you expect. they should all be sued for aiding and abetting. ,not-offensive
849,0,  the last thing parents need to learn from the liberals is the ethics of raising their own child. ,not-offensive
850,0, blocked ,not-offensive
851,1, she is unfit for office . mentally deranged.. unstable.. ,offensive
852,0,   not really i have several shares in nike I am a capitalist not a socialist. i believe in free markets. i can use liberals for my advantages. you on the other hand keep standing with your representatives they will lead you down the golden path of higher taxes and wealth sharing ,not-offensive
853,0,  words....words...  monday is a different day... ,not-offensive
854,1,   time I am really starting to hate that word....she had all the time in the world to open her mouth...really shut up about time! enough of this left....liberals bull shit about time! you and she have no case! actually time is what is hurting her case! ,offensive
855,1, carrey should be shut up for good ,offensive
856,0,    you should tell the  they have just posted a tweet about how much better the railways are since they privatised them...  ,not-offensive
857,1,  she is full of bunk. ,offensive
858,0,  get out of my mentions  i stand corrected  ,not-offensive
859,0,. it is sad and scary that the french so called justice system is ordering  le pen to undergo psych eval because she dared to reveal the horrors of daesh isis. the true crazies are radical muslims and liberals who protect them. ,not-offensive
860,0, thank you for what you are doing. for my daughters future. ,not-offensive
861,1, who in america is not grateful to our military?!?!? her husband did not die on the battle field...he died at home!! she should be fighting for gun control and stronger laws regarding mental illness!  is about police brutality...she should educate herself on the issues ,offensive
862,1, i cackle at something different shit every time i watch it laughing out loud ,offensive
863,1,  word because her music slaps there is no reason she should not be selling out big ass shows  idk if she is or is not but she deserves  ,offensive
864,0,16 year old stabbed in dagenham this evening and the liberals are worried about data protection.   c4news ,not-offensive
865,0, ... do a few more lines moore. ,not-offensive
866,1,   it started with cameron and may is even worse. she is not a conservative! ,offensive
867,1, we get shit transported from africa niggas told me they seen venomous snakes iguanas a beetle the size of a car tire lmaoooo person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️ all kinds of shit ,offensive
868,0, oh you are very welcome. ,not-offensive
869,1,  kind of like when conservatives want to associate everyone to their left as communist antifa members? ,offensive
870,1, did you see what she said about travis on ellen?? that is one hating ass bitch loudly crying face ,offensive
871,0,           grinning faceyou are welcome. ,not-offensive
872,0, yeaaaahh she is!!  33 ,not-offensive
873,0,  john mcenroe is older than you are ,not-offensive
874,0, congratulations  potus  maga ,not-offensive
875,0,           i think he is a comrade ,not-offensive
876,0,political unmasking of team trump must be prosecuted   american thinker      maga  pjnet  kag  trumptrain  trumptrain2020  tw055 ,not-offensive
877,1,shame on      and all the rest of the left wing media that are not doing their jobs and purposely looking the other way. this is the best example yet of their  fakenews bias.  maga  walkaway from the bias and corruption of the left. ,offensive
878,1, no one is mistreating her but you are all mistreating kavanaugh. this man may be innocent but you liberals are jumping on this just because you hate trump. so you all do the right thing and after 36 years it is her word against his so there is no contest. ,offensive
879,0,  the president despite all of woodward book of lies and you and barrack has done so far a tremendous job we are respected again our economy is not longer the animic less than 2  and our enemies fear us again john you and barrack r history ,not-offensive
880,1, this sicko thinks that others scheme and lie like he and a lot of the liberals do. remember rham emanuel’s famous quote “you never let a serious crisis go to waste” ,offensive
881,0,  she is a cracchead laughing out loud just waiting for her to leak it herself ,not-offensive
882,0, thought they scored 69 points... sad ,not-offensive
883,1, she went to my high school. dumb liberals are prevalent in my area ,offensive
884,1," being the good christian that he is, he asked god to spare his properties. virginia beach was only slightly impacted. you know the 700 club prayer, god spare me and mine, to hell with everybody else""""."""" ",offensive
885,1, djt2  you have to remember his daughter is married to am iranian and so he defends them at all costs. he is a coward and a disgrace. thank god for your dad or we would all be in a world of hurt! ,offensive
886,0,         super president like multiversity? good ideia ,not-offensive
887,0,  can you ask dana how worried she is for her home in  south?  carolina? is it close to the coast? I am currently in n. carolina  1st time visiting  and i get welcomed with  a hurricane! lordy day.. disappointed but relieved facefearful face ,not-offensive
888,0,breaking news. listen live at 1pm ct at  maga ,not-offensive
889,1,  she is better than all this shit. she is better than anything. red heart️ ,offensive
890,0,"  unfuckable""""  where is the truth in this statement, all i see are lies"""" ",not-offensive
891,1, I am not apart of antifa foxy. i agree with you they are terrorsits ,offensive
892,0, calling out the  islamophobic party of britain  to take  islamophobia seriously.  must investigate the likes of      ,not-offensive
893,0," re read my tweet brian, gun control"""" not ban  your blatant exaggeration not withstanding . face with rolling eyes"""" ",not-offensive
894,0,5. they promoted an amendment to lower the voting age to 18. they pushed gun control efforts and gun free zones to give criminals an edge over law abiding citizens. ,not-offensive
895,0, shhh do not let conservatives see this!! ,not-offensive
896,0,      she has no credibility. lives in a  4 million mansion and associates with antifa. who would stab her in the back anyway. ,not-offensive
897,1, mueller can go fornicate himself. he is as crooked as the day is long. ,offensive
898,1, yeah I will not take my gun control policy advice from a jean's company. beyond that trumps die hard are almost enough that the snowflakes they claim to dislike and themselves are hard to tell a part ,offensive
899,1,  he gets confirmed. conservatives do not care that he is a rapist. at all. ,offensive
900,1," now to get inner cities, i.e. chicago, to have policies that promote job growth there so that the  nuclearfamily returns. the lack of one is why   have the daily killings, not a gun control"""" issue.  twill"""" ",offensive
901,0,  best female  tennis player ever? arguably. great player. she is starting to age and become less unbeatable. ,not-offensive
902,0, you are helping the  redwaverising ,not-offensive
903,0,   and his son the antifa masked hater is normal? ,not-offensive
904,0,  because liberals are insane and by the way had this been a democrat nominee and the accuser was a female conservative she would not be heard. heck look at keith ellison's accuser who has proof. they have turned their back on her and she is a democrat! why is the  not helping her? ,not-offensive
905,0, the greatest generation and the original  antifa thank you for freeing us from nazism! ,not-offensive
906,0,100  correct ,not-offensive
907,0,  antifa methinks !!! ,not-offensive
908,1,  there is zero evidence of any gaff and it is not their jobs to do any such thing  this is just more hijinx and chicanery from two buffoons that have no platforms or morals.  conservatives  cdnpoli ,offensive
909,0,  and that is why he is trying to end obamacare so that only a priveledged few can benifit.  but his tax cuts are killing us anyway. ,not-offensive
910,0," a much more traditional"""" take on the lois and clark dynamic is showing up in tom king's superman 100 page giants at walmart. i would recommend it. she is not super heavily featured in the first issue but she is well treated."""" ",not-offensive
911,0, why did not gun control stop illegals from obtaining firearms? ,not-offensive
912,1,   silly rabbit rabbit laws and rules are not for liberals. ,offensive
913,1," well remember how the cops in san jose stood down"""" and watched as antifa thugs armed with bats,bottles and pepper spray attacked trump rally goers?  they were """"just following orders"""".  that is what most soldiers and cops do. soldiers follow orders and cops protect their paycheck.  sad."""" ",offensive
914,0," my feelings exactly.   i was watching a video of an antifa rally"""". they were fighting with and cursing at the police. at one point they began fighting with counterprotesters and one was injured. his cohorts immediately began screaming for someone to call 911. really?"""" ",not-offensive
915,1,"     because he is talking to an idiot. liberals have a mental disorder. in his book the liberal mind  the psychological causes of political madness."""" dr. rossiter exposes that the ideology motivating liberals is actually a mental disorder.  read more  ",offensive
916,1,  too bad he can not write a law to take away the stupidity from liberals. ,offensive
917,0, schiff  you are the swamp. ,not-offensive
918,0,    liberals need better trolls than this aunty. calling someone a liar on losing is what you resort to when you are in 2nd grade. ,not-offensive
919,1,   oh boy just wait! you are in for a surprise! can not believe anyone to be that ignorant! lmao! ,offensive
920,0,  scientific breakthrough! origins of  discovered  talklikeapirateday ,not-offensive
921,0,   I am betting she only has to submit to a blood test if she is a driver in a vehicular accident where a death or grave injury occurred. ,not-offensive
922,1, you are on fucking drugs my dude ,offensive
923,0,      she is being realistic tho ,not-offensive
924,0,   did you hurt yourself jumping to that conclusion?   if you want biblical scholarship worth having read bart d. ehrman.  if you want ignorant schlock...well you are already here. ,not-offensive
925,1, deep corruption in the puerto rican government is the because for the ppls misery. billions sent and you do not have the foresight to harden and secure the power system on an island that will most likely get hit again. this is the puerto rican’s government ms fault. ,offensive
926,0,      since you are in the medical field I am sure you are very knowledgeable ,not-offensive
927,1,no my family are not maga they just do not care. they are apart of the populace who get distracted by pop culture completely. they have zero idea what is going on in the world until i tell them and even then they do not care. I am a lion amongst lambs. ,offensive
928,0, he should have tried that on obama after he gpsent millions to iran which has been traced to terrorists! unbelievable ,not-offensive
929,0," and sarah's story, egad! the producer who is asked if he could fall for a nymphet and responds absolutely!"""""""" ",not-offensive
930,0,*maga sense is tingling* ,not-offensive
931,1, so it moves forward. damn the facts as long as you keep up the narrative! the dangerous line is the sliding scale line that you bunch of liberal idiots use to vilify conservatives or justify the actions of liberals ,offensive
932,0, laughing out loud same. mom  why do not you do art of real people? me  he is a real people. ,not-offensive
933,0,  let us throw up some added bureaucratic red tape to deter highly qualified people from entering the already vitriolic world of politics. look at hate directed at trump family. i do not care about tax returns. some universal financial report will do. care more 4 results. ,not-offensive
934,1, robyn i was going to make vegan scones but i ran out of fucking time.  blame my biochem lab ,offensive
935,0,     sounds like you are talking about these people!!!!  maga ,not-offensive
936,0,  you realize california has the strictest gun control in the nation right? or are you just going to ignore that ,not-offensive
937,1,  but you are still going to jail tho  fredo ,offensive
938,0, misplaced anger does not make the lies about taking a knee true.  sorry for her loss but she is wrong...wrong...wrong ,not-offensive
939,0,  she is xx ,not-offensive
940,1, when are the republicans going to learn that democrats hate conservatives .vote  thursday ,offensive
941,0, yet more evidence that the  have turned ‘the party of business’ into ‘the party of fuck business’. bizarre. ,not-offensive
942,1, she is a drama queen she pulled the feel sorry for me card too because she is now a  ‘working’ mom...give me a break ,offensive
943,1,should i try out aikido instead of krav maga? thinking facethinking face  aikido  kravmaga ,offensive
944,0,   if economy plummets post brexit then less money for public services  if less immigration  to work on farms and services no doubt you will step in?  conservatives  brexitshambles 2 2 ,not-offensive
945,0,   conservatives will not whitewash the accusations...both sides will be heard! in private and again in public if necessary...let them hash out the actual significance of an event 37years ago between a 17yr old boy and a 15yr old girl.. i would go so far as to say let each cross examine ,not-offensive
946,0,   open your eyes  the nra only supports politicians that do not care about gun control mostly republicans ,not-offensive
947,0, here' s a guy that is a reliable source of information. hhahahahahahaha. just kidding. ,not-offensive
948,1,*pats tears* gosh..... dammit *sniffs* *sighs* my baby * sniffs* she just does not deserve thisbroken heartloudly crying face. she is so precious and i  ,offensive
949,0, the fact that we believe that these are the only two conservatives with a shred of decency is deeply disturbing. even more disturbing is that i do not believe either of them do either. still does not hurt to try. ,not-offensive
950,1, eric you got alot of balls ... ,offensive
951,0,"report  christine blasey ford ‘prepared to testify’ — but there are some catches""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
952,1,  wow those liberals are so uncivil and full of hate.  lickawitch ,offensive
953,1, he is starting to tweet nonsense like mango mussolini ,offensive
954,1,    good grief!  that is a relief!  now get rid of antifa. ,offensive
955,0, do not you have concerns about keith ellison?   well do you. ,not-offensive
956,0, he. is. here. for. her. ,not-offensive
957,1,  i can just hear the trumpsters now crowing that we liberals loved jane fonda and supported draft dodgers. i grew up in those times. i was against the war but knew fonda had gone too far and was wrong. i supported those who burned their draft cards and those who served. ,offensive
958,1,   i agree! i guess dems are saying that they are worried about some october surprise where the fisa docs are released leading up to the election.smiling face with smiling eyes🇺🇸maga! ,offensive
959,0, pumped you are back playing. go win you a ring. favorite player  bp 4 reds. go red sox  0 ,not-offensive
960,1, the presumption of innocence only applies to lefist liberals. you are guilty from the get go if you are a conservative. ,offensive
961,0,"  all the leftist organizations have, antifa, the greens, i went to a wobbly meeting in 2014 and they spent 0 time talking about labor practices, laws, policy, etc. they spent the whole meeting on a resolution to be more trans inclusive,"""" when 1 2 them present were already gnc."""" ",not-offensive
962,0,    he is the poorly educated! ,not-offensive
963,0," his frustration began to subside as he felt her hand upon his. the tone within her voice was some what soothing to him. it is been sometime having someone be there when in need the most. and that in itself is why no one is more important to me then you"""" she is the center piece + """" ",not-offensive
964,0,   i think you have nailed it. she does not want to be under oath. maga ,not-offensive
965,0, glad no one watches her! ,not-offensive
966,1,  dr merck just following orders. abysmal little pharma troll he is. ,offensive
967,1,    yeah bitch we put him back in and beat your sorry asses the bears suck!! blew a 20 0 lead lmaoooo ,offensive
968,1, ohh shit frowning face with open mouth ,offensive
969,1, ugh i meant *wigs shit ,offensive
970,1, sjshsj that is my job bitch ,offensive
971,0,  thank you  . america is respected again!  maga  kag2018  voteredtosaveamerica ,not-offensive
972,0,constitution day    the most important commemoration of 2018   constitutionday  maga  kag   obama  clinton  deepstate abuse of power   spygate  witchhunt  sedition= treason ,not-offensive
973,0,   this is the best the conservatives could come up with! stop this humiliation.  ge2018 ,not-offensive
974,0,                                                 hahah yes because trump beat obama in the election rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
975,1, whatilearnedtoday  liberals are the scum of the earth   absolute treason. ,offensive
976,1, political hit job. what a slap in the face to all the women that were really abused. you liberals know this is a hit. your leader  told you to lie and do whatever you have to do to regain power. pathetic ,offensive
977,0,   what is funding it? ,not-offensive
978,0,    yeeeeess ,not-offensive
979,0,    gun control does not correlate with safety. it is these facts you should take some time to ponder. ,not-offensive
980,0, all my guns are defensive  even the one that shoots further. ,not-offensive
981,1, you still have not addressed your solution to make schools safer....you just preach more gun control...what are your solutions??? ,offensive
982,0, a little bigger than i like. she needs to join chubby chaser tour ,not-offensive
983,0, yes please take more of the constitution away from us.. you took article 4 sec away  did you know when you did that you took away from us the one section in the constitution where all gun control laws come form.?  thank you.... ,not-offensive
984,0,president trump to hold maga rally in missouri this week  donaldtrump  donaldtrumprallies  featured  springfield ,not-offensive
985,0, do you have run support data? I am guessing nola has gotten more. everything equal i go with wins but his season is just so good i think he is the exception. ,not-offensive
986,1,"99.9  of the alumni"""" standing up for  christineblaseykavanaugh did not even know her....and none are witnesses to her """"stories."""" democrats and liberals are just to destroy america.   confirmkavanaughnow"""" ",offensive
987,0,  i love the comments about squishy conservatives and their support of the need for guest workers. sounds like  . ,not-offensive
988,1, idk you too well but that must be a fuckin delicious corn chip that someone misses dearly ,offensive
989,1,         you said that if my speech offends someone then i should be fined jailed.  i asked if you should be fined if you wanting gun control offended me ,offensive
990,0,    antifa....that is who. it works both ways...be careful. ,not-offensive
991,0,   funny how well meaning left leaning liberals have become money obsessed fundamentalists.....strange business brexit. ,not-offensive
992,0,*babysitting 3 kids*  people ”how old do you think she is?” “she has three kids”  me *do not get mad. do not get mad. they do not know. they do not know* ,not-offensive
993,0,"     needs to take action instead of turning a blind eye to what occurred. it was shameful behaviour, tantamount to organised bullying. reprehensible"""" just a word. if she ignores it. she is part of problem. ineffective leadership entrenches this rot in alp party culture"""" ",not-offensive
994,0, you are! my prayer is that you are blessed with someone you know like that also. someone who feels your basic human rights are worth protecting. especially your god given right to personal privacy.  ,not-offensive
995,0," attention!  is publicizing an antifa target list on his account. the list has high profile names and many random trump supporters' names. twitter has not suspended this account. please help report him.  check out his account lists""""  ."""" ",not-offensive
996,0,   maybe the trumpies will call for gun control after this. ,not-offensive
997,0, he will not live long now ,not-offensive
998,1,  simply to get the smear campaign going by the media. the democrats want a he said under oath while she is supposed to get a pass on her she said lies. this woman is a fraud in cahoots with the liberals to delay and divert until midterms. ,offensive
999,1, treason he should hang he has no business even trying this who the f does he think he is trump needs to lock him up fast ,offensive
1000,0,  bad bytches prolly got some fucked up attitudes! so this oughta you all you all ya looks only carry you so far person shruggingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
1001,1, shut up man  you are useless ,offensive
1002,0, this is not conservative. what has happened to our party ? lost the plot.  ,not-offensive
1003,0,i also need to address this question  why did president trump hire two lawyers that would hire robert mueller when they did not have to?  maga ,not-offensive
1004,1,   so many issues facing australian voters but the single obsession of australian conservatives is bullying transgender children... ,offensive
1005,0, a rich snow snowflake️ here ,not-offensive
1006,0,   running away from the truth yet again and using childish language. provide a competent argument justifying  brexit even is it is just to prove that you are not a russian algorithm designed to disrupt britain’s society and economy. ,not-offensive
1007,1,    shitting yourself more like. ,offensive
1008,0,   because the non citizens are looking for a free ride on the backs of the american taxpayer and liberals are looking for votes. it is like a pyramid. they need to bring new people in at the bottom to support them at the top. ,not-offensive
1009,0, can you elaborate why you think making tax cuts permanent is a bad idea? ,not-offensive
1010,1, you live in the big dick part because your gay ,offensive
1011,0,  and i do not call striking down gun control legislation curtailing our civil rights.   gun control legislation is just common sense. ,not-offensive
1012,0, all the way to prison... ,not-offensive
1013,0, call is normal  thing tho cos you even call your friends she should sub for herself she is not yet your responsibility to start buying data  outing?  dunnogrinning facego for lowcut girls them full my hometown smiling facesmiling face ,not-offensive
1014,0, elections have consequences. and if the left continues the direction they are heading in they will not win another one for a long time.  keepitup.  liberalismisamentaldisease ,not-offensive
1015,0," real question  has ted cruz never dropped an f bomb in his life?  is this something that should disqualify you from public office? grabbing someone by the pussy"""" literally and verbally, is a lot more offensive to me"""" ",not-offensive
1016,0, and yet the liberals keep piling in people from countries like this with ideals like this and preach upon to us women's rights and respect for all. does not make sense to me it is double talk ,not-offensive
1017,1, shame on them willing to ruin good man over a 36 year old groping accusation she can not prove.  they are rabid liberals who do not want a supreme court justice who will follow the constitution.  it is all about politics.  shame. ,offensive
1018,0,  and they will know she is the lord ,not-offensive
1019,1, idiotalert gun control activist david hogg suggested ar 15s cannot be used for self defense because they shoot further than handguns. ,offensive
1020,0," fighting for the oppressed""""? puleeeze"""" ",not-offensive
1021,1, but 10kg of an already shite allowance  coz eu workers are lame as fuck  is a proper piss take ,offensive
1022,0," hillary once said that if  trump wins, we all hang from nooses."""" the deeper this goes, the more we learn why  clinton freaked out when she realized  trump could win.   conservatives  tcot  unmasking  releasethememo   susanrice  fbi  deepstate  mueller"""" ",not-offensive
1023,1,  he was a drunk driver that wrecked and injured a person then fled the scene of the crime! hit and run.. should fit right in with leftists socialists antifa democrats! ,offensive
1024,1,"   that is a black referring to a group. markedly different from affluent white people calling ben carson or any other prominent conservative that term. I am thinking more of stuff like this     antifa n word"""" is quite a fruitful search."""" ",offensive
1025,0, he is the gawdfather of  fuxnews  ,not-offensive
1026,0,  he is delusional. ,not-offensive
1027,0,    conservatives  always dying on the wrong hill. ,not-offensive
1028,0, god help us ,not-offensive
1029,0,      congratulations! ,not-offensive
1030,0, maybe he should have used some of your peers? ,not-offensive
1031,0,    ooh but coming from mr.rapist  we are all the same alias and one person   a 55yr old antifa granny  go figure   sept.30th could not come anytime sooner is not that right brother  grok   old toothless will be getting a  rude awakening along with his housewives ,not-offensive
1032,0, now that is what i call an antifa supersoldier ,not-offensive
1033,0," yes, watching an elitist prima donna toss a tantrum on the court when she is called out and penalized for  'cheating'  getting coaching is pretty entertaining! her coach even admitted, i was coaching her."""" now, back to our regularly scheduled sanity, rule of law and accountability!"""" ",not-offensive
1034,0, ha even with them trying to rig the system. they had no idea about divine intervention we folded handsgod answered president trump 🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
1035,0,  if the ndp were to get 26  then  would win because the gains by both the ndp and pcs are directly from the liberals. however i doubt the ndp get over 20 . i had ches at the start but he performed really bad in the debates but then again there is a lot of ?s about 1  ,not-offensive
1036,0, standup4brexit      the results at the ballot box were very clear ... the prime minister is not listening to the electorate or getting the best deal for britain 🇬🇧 ,not-offensive
1037,0, she is probably waiting on her private pay off ,not-offensive
1038,0,  clearly you are not a weather person.  worst conditions are due for tomorrow. ,not-offensive
1039,1, because you are pile of poo ,offensive
1040,1, he would shat his pants if he faced any antifa ,offensive
1041,0,  civilians also   I will admit its hard sometimes  when helping grok 24 7 laughing out loud   I have been called names i did not even know existed  example   antifa grannies  brokeback valor  wth is that  grok girl friend  yep no shit    things frauds will say   thank you grok  brother  smiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes ,not-offensive
1042,0, twittershouldbe a place where everyone can have a voice  including conservatives. less shadow banning and throttling of conservative accounts    freedomofspeech   throwback  bengarrison  cartoon  ,not-offensive
1043,0, criminal schmuck. ,not-offensive
1044,0,     leave that to your antifa cronies amirite? ,not-offensive
1045,0, westminster   tories    brexit 🇬🇧      murderrate  london what a facking khant angry faceangry faceangry face ,not-offensive
1046,0, i had faith that you were going to win that last battle but sparking instant transmission goku is the god of legends and I am telling you he is outstanding thumbs upthumbs upthumbs upthumbs up ,not-offensive
1047,0, antifa brought to you by carl's jr ,not-offensive
1048,0,   she is a victim. terrible. ,not-offensive
1049,1, because they are assholes ,offensive
1050,0, he is an nba plant! ,not-offensive
1051,0,                 is that a bar where antifa sharpens their stones and buys their silly string? ,not-offensive
1052,1, he is so brutal. hopefully he sells the team... ,offensive
1053,0, i follow civil liberals or center left people and a few of them I have interacted with for yrs. i learn from them occasionally and hopefully vice versa. never thought about blocking them. i guess a shift is what ppl might see as problematic person shrugginglight skin tone‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
1054,0, nah i are not done it yet. usually you have to walk extra far just to get to one so it defeats the purpose ,not-offensive
1055,0, yep antifa are literally hitler. ,not-offensive
1056,1, this is ridiculous...unbelievable !!! so this fine young man is now dead because of a stupid reason .... come on !!!!! gun control is the solution you all so many innocent people got killed because of gunspouting facepouting facepouting face this has to stop ,offensive
1057,0,   this is the kind of healthcare provision religious conservatives have given america.  saveournhs ,not-offensive
1058,0, as they should be ,not-offensive
1059,1,  action talks and bullshit walks ,offensive
1060,1, fool ,offensive
1061,0,  you probably need more gun control   and more government and more taxes.   less is more. ,not-offensive
1062,0,   one from adelaide and one antifa. i now understand why your both so angry. ,not-offensive
1063,0, has this tweet been deleted? ,not-offensive
1064,0,   I am not ‘from antifa’ i will just be happy when sam dies ,not-offensive
1065,0, the only thing this is going to do is make the  metoo movement even more of a joke than it already has become. i do not think anyone is falling for this bs except for maybe antifa. ,not-offensive
1066,0, all one and five dollar bills ,not-offensive
1067,0, she does and she lost because she took it for granted that she would inherit all of bill’s support not knowing that for all of his deficiencies he is the kind of person you could drink with and she is the kind of person one would never drink with. ,not-offensive
1068,0, i bet she thinks you liberals abused here when you told her it was just an op ed not a photo shoot. ,not-offensive
1069,1, ca has always been blue and so have i. you do not seem to be doing very much except helping yourself. like my neighbors you are a champagne socialist. ,offensive
1070,0, we need gun control now. we have had too many mass shootings in this country. thank you president clinton for leading the way in this. it is great to have real leadership ,not-offensive
1071,1,"according to a student that spoke under condition of anonymity, the furniture in johnson hall has been replaced by even shittier couches.""""  seuday"""" ",offensive
1072,0, I am done.  loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face franklin about to die in jail. he is not fit for this... ,not-offensive
1073,0,   there is actually republican cities that have higher crime rate than chicago ,not-offensive
1074,0,  truly. anything to avoid gun control. ,not-offensive
1075,1, we are buying a couple puzzle toys and looking at classes for him rn! but i think he is becoming a teenage monster. ,offensive
1076,1, you liberals... smh...tweeting stupid shit!  trump order elimination of isis  obama did not ....people! ..think about how people r not murder now  saved   because we hav killed of isis ,offensive
1077,0, he is untreatable ,not-offensive
1078,0, what you are suggesting is thoughts and prayers would not have given you this picture that science and technological advances did?  science ,not-offensive
1079,0,     clegg worked for the tories in europe. he was the ideal cameron bedfellow. ,not-offensive
1080,0,  you mean like soros does for bamn and antifa ,not-offensive
1081,1, he is so very stupid. or is it he is just so concrete?? ,offensive
1082,0, and I will never watch another movie with him in it ,not-offensive
1083,0, as we say here in the south “ bless her heart”! ,not-offensive
1084,0, goober ,not-offensive
1085,0, president obama?  did i miss something about this?  he still believes he is president or is it you that is not able to accept reality? ,not-offensive
1086,0,        keep an eye out ,not-offensive
1087,0, beto male ,not-offensive
1088,0, never going to happen. bernier split that party. they will not be in power. all the hard core conservatives out west are with bernier. ,not-offensive
1089,0, a blue wave of hysterical violence  bluewaveofviolence ,not-offensive
1090,0, would you resign with the boys? just curious and honest question have you gained any perspective of why you all parted ways? being serious because you are a bad  positive  receiver! ,not-offensive
1091,0,  several of the western liberals are not too happy with national focus of saudi. ,not-offensive
1092,0,  everybody's doin it... maga ,not-offensive
1093,0, tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives jackiedp  this is great news. we need more affordable homes to support families. as for me i am  proudtobeaconservativefromacouncilestate ,not-offensive
1094,0, dontmessaroundwith conservatives. dismiss them with prejudice. ,not-offensive
1095,0,.... he is so stunning ,not-offensive
1096,0,    you can make fun of liberals that come up with fake stories. ,not-offensive
1097,1, i am fucking so fucking happy ,offensive
1098,1, bengals v. some sorry team looking for a butt whoopin’ ,offensive
1099,0,"  because everyone knows this is a political stunt and the gop is going to make him justice  kavanaugh"""" before those midterm elections whether you liberals like it or not.  that is what is going to happen and you need to just accept it.  right now you are still in denial crying face ",not-offensive
1100,0,         really? where would you position antifa? ,not-offensive
1101,0, guilty? ,not-offensive
1102,1, now just vote him out. he is a known racist. ,offensive
1103,1, expectus to work our asses off for  gunsensecandidates!    gotv   throwthemout  ,offensive
1104,0,"   politically neutral"""" yeah sure buddy, i mean most milquetoast conservatives, even the never trump ones agree with trump's policies, and the whole gay marriage and abortion seems like the bare minimum"""" ",not-offensive
1105,1, it is either they lookin for shit for somebody else or they creeps face with tears of joy ,offensive
1106,0,  wife bet on penn state! he is upset! ,not-offensive
1107,0, we all know  liberals' poll is completely a bs. ,not-offensive
1108,0, stanced up ,not-offensive
1109,0, because a former antifa in the white house and they do not arrest her and a citizen if they arrest someone explain to me. ,not-offensive
1110,0, he is going to need a pair of running shoes so he can look for work when he is sees we are not supporting his dumb ass movies anymore. person shrugging‍female sign️ walkaway ,not-offensive
1111,0,  but google can give beijing every americans phone number. you are kidding me right?   maga 2020 ,not-offensive
1112,0,    liberals have compassion only for non americans. ,not-offensive
1113,1, fuckkk face with tears of joyface with tears of joy i know i seen bitch that is a slapper laugh my ass off ,offensive
1114,0, he is asleep.   am i that boring?? ,not-offensive
1115,1,      laughing out loud you are being mean. ,offensive
1116,0, i met him several years ago. he is the shorter than you are expecting man. ,not-offensive
1117,0," it is poisonous indeed. no wonder she is called vesha bottle"""". the beauty in her eyes poisons every soul that stares into it."""" ",not-offensive
1118,0,  long time prisoners will also have a hard time while he is there. ,not-offensive
1119,0, it is amazing that when things pertain to conservatives it is guilty until proven innocent. where is the justice when lawless acts perpetrated by the left get ignored? ,not-offensive
1120,1," gun control measures?  as in fast and furious"""", where you directed ffl dealers to violate the law and allow straw purchases?  where you knowingly allowed firearms to be sold to criminal organizations?"""" ",offensive
1121,1, clown ,offensive
1122,0,  we can empty all our prisons also and just say they broke no laws.....liberal logic. ,not-offensive
1123,1, that one sucks because he is so hit or miss ,offensive
1124,0, chelsea clinton cfr  ,not-offensive
1125,0, so antifa has turned against her? ,not-offensive
1126,0,  mehn you are too sweet ,not-offensive
1127,1,  this guy kerry is one do nothing damn politician where does he get off going over sea's and trying to undermined our president now this is a traitor for sure you better watch this s.of.b. ! ,offensive
1128,0,"president trump’s 17th wave of judicial nominees""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
1129,0,  leona will start something big to come...liberals sit in terror in  house of commons...better not criticize the groper!!! ,not-offensive
1130,1,  coming from a guy who should be arrested and charged as an accessory. i hat a deranged individual. ,offensive
1131,1," the democrats are becoming more despicable by the day! there is no bottom to their vitriol and lies"""" barrel.  why liberals go along with this makes no sense."""" ",offensive
1132,0, i cast my vote as “opportunist”  christineblaseyford had thirty five years to come out with her allegations. why now? it is obvious.  maga ,not-offensive
1133,0,  she is the bomb!! ,not-offensive
1134,0, good  boycottnfl ,not-offensive
1135,0, this witch hunt against kavanaughs is pitiful.  i can not believe anyone could find this story is believable.  why did not she come forward in 36 years?   it is crazy...set up by liberals. ,not-offensive
1136,0,   thank you my lovely! you are beautiful too purple heartpurple heart ,not-offensive
1137,1,  he is such an a hole. sad. ,offensive
1138,1, I am saving this good shitttt ,offensive
1139,1,"  or maybe this...the very fine people"""" the dipshit """"president"""" was talking about.  antifa is not the """"left"""". they are a fringe, far left, anti fascist movement. to lump the """"left"""" in as antifa is to lump the """"right"""" in with the neo nazi's and kkk that vote with you...shhh. ",offensive
1140,0, no time for political correctness. it is a lie. everyone knows this. behind the scenes the liberals are laughing. take the vote. ,not-offensive
1141,1,   you are pathetic! ,offensive
1142,1,  there is help for your mental illness.  good grief you liberals are seriously disturbed. ,offensive
1143,1, liberals are all kookoo !!! ,offensive
1144,0, babe i hope you are not wonting these women ,not-offensive
1145,0,      h1v3 does good videos and you do good work occasionally why focus on other activists rather than be productive? you might not support antifa that is fine. yes it has some funding from soros undeniably does not mean everyone is paid by soros. ,not-offensive
1146,0,  pos still at it ,not-offensive
1147,0, another reason not to root for the panthers... maga ,not-offensive
1148,0,  so gun control works? ,not-offensive
1149,1, liberals are sick. this false accuser should be incarcerated for her bald faced lies. ,offensive
1150,0, she is a hot one firefirefire ,not-offensive
1151,1, love you bitch ,offensive
1152,1,  could we get some honest law enforcement agencies to dig into  chinese spy chauffeur. he may have been sexual assualted in high school.  funny how an american citizen did not qualify for the job.  vote  maga ,offensive
1153,1, mom better watch out for the moron's hands. he has at least 17 accusation of sexual harassment charges. he is also affected by pee stained skin due to his liking to be peed on! ,offensive
1154,1,.... and so it begins.        the unfair and biased and unjustified targeting of conservatives in a massive censorship of conservatives exercise .        pray4theusa   pray4revival ,offensive
1155,1, nobody is addressing the cow in the room. not even when florence is still doing her thing. it is like after a mass shooting and it is the wrong time to talk about gun control.  ,offensive
1156,1, he is hurt and no one has checked on him!!! ,offensive
1157,1, disco pose with “white dude overbite” look. classic 70s dance move. ,offensive
1158,0,  why did feinstein not come forward with that letter 6 weeks ago then?  no need then to question him way back then?   laughing out loud you liberals are very funny.  i am sure the   metoo movement appreciates the set back you all just gave it. ,not-offensive
1159,0, by defending and making excuses for obvious bad behavior....you are sure to get more of it. ,not-offensive
1160,1, i hope the fuck not ,offensive
1161,0,      she is a master at twisting words and meaning. ,not-offensive
1162,0, yes he is. ,not-offensive
1163,0, have not watched it in years.   nonflzonehome   qanon  maga. ,not-offensive
1164,0,  every identity deals with their rep differently. but to say that conservatives are not ostracized on canadian campuses for their views is pretty dumb. have you never seen a conservative booth at a uni society expo? let alone even try to organize something as a conservative? ,not-offensive
1165,0, it is great to see you posting this. it shows everyone the disrespect you have for teachers and their role. and it proves that you are wholly unsuitable for any position in parliament. ,not-offensive
1166,0, google got big by being the best search engine.  this is one reason why it is no longer a trustworthy search engine.  ,not-offensive
1167,0,  that is where your wrong. only ruins conservatives. if it was a dem he would be considered for head of dnc ,not-offensive
1168,0, how awesome!  takes pictures!  she is such an icon and legend.  what a pioneer for women!  enjoy it! ,not-offensive
1169,0, not smearing canadian conservatives. reread my first tweet and tell me again that I am wrong. ,not-offensive
1170,0,  i think you are right... she is in deed wearing the same jerseyraising hands ,not-offensive
1171,0, and  come save america just like the superheroes you are ,not-offensive
1172,1, kavanaugh needs to stop lying... i believe this woman's account is credible and he is not going to be able to dodge it. ,offensive
1173,0, levistrauss  ceo takes a side on gun control  ‘it is inevitable that we are going to alienate some consumers’ ,not-offensive
1174,0," my husband is getting his phd in physics while I am getting mine in chemistry. we usually get the wide eyed recoil that clearly says, you are not normal humans, and i can have nothing in common with you."""" followed by the polite excuse to stop talking with us."""" ",not-offensive
1175,0, he is not even one of the strongest conservatives that could have been nominated and it has still come to this. ,not-offensive
1176,0,   really good news for us conservatives in texas. gives repubs supermajority in senate. ,not-offensive
1177,1,   trump is a very sick man. he is toxic and mean spirited. ,offensive
1178,1, fuckin poisonous group of people. as soon as someone hands me a hat with a propeller on top... I am out.  find another company to work for lemmings. ,offensive
1179,1, what?  all 12 of them?  what about the terrorists antifa?  farrakhan’s hateful and racist thugs?  blm criminals?  black panthers?  those groups have no place either! ,offensive
1180,0, a better decision by the students would be to go to a community college at a fraction of the cost and actually learn something worthwhile.... over priced courses like this are an absolute waste of money...how many articles have been written lately on amount of student debt? ,not-offensive
1181,1,   she probably did not think it would get this far. i hope the little sleaze does not go to the hearing and i hope if she does that they will prove what a liar conniving witch she and the rest of the liberals are. ,offensive
1182,0,   thank you for your conscience and actions. ,not-offensive
1183,0, i do not understand why she should be heard.  i should be heard and i have pictures and scars from my trauma  illegalalien left his car i. the middle of  405 fwy in 1982   when i was 18!  we were badly damaged!   california  losangeles  kavanaugh  maga ,not-offensive
1184,0, remember when antifa was respectable and intimidating??  me neither laugh my ass off ,not-offensive
1185,1, i hope they beat his ass in private. ,offensive
1186,0," you are welcome. i do not always say it, but I am so greatfull for this... everything. thank you... we had nothing and you and thor has given us everything. so if you ever need anything in return, just say the word and we will help,""""   she truly was just so greatfull."""" ",not-offensive
1187,1, bs.  people died in pr because the local government is corrupt. ,offensive
1188,1,. real goal  to make everyone in wisconsin as dumb as he is. ,offensive
1189,0, hm? of course. ,not-offensive
1190,0,  some of christine blasey ford fine upstanding americans she follows  beverly hills antifa laguna beach antifa neverland antifa midwest antifa boston bob antifa wait for it  anthony weiner   inmate  3425742  kind of says it all! wwg1wga patriots... ,not-offensive
1191,0,he is awesome!!!! so personable and i know these people so appreciate him being there. maga ,not-offensive
1192,0,  yeah like conservatives are synonymous with truth telling. pleeease. ,not-offensive
1193,0, what do you like to do when you are with your family?  askally ,not-offensive
1194,1,"  antifa otherwise known as nazi brownshirts""""  i never thought of that comparison before, lol.  it is ironic that they are the one's that call everyone else a 'nazi' for disagreeing with anything they say, lol."""" ",offensive
1195,0, much suckage if bad. and it do not look good. ,not-offensive
1196,0,   are you suggesting that i fall for that? i certainly do not support the liberals vis à ve democrats agenda. read my tweets. I am on the right so vote gop 🇺🇸. ,not-offensive
1197,0,   the only ones building on hate and division right now are the dems and their enforcers antifa and naxine watters. ,not-offensive
1198,0, i am jealous.  i would love to work in the white house with these fine people.  hell i would dust the window's just to be a part of this fabulous time and team.  god bless you all. maga ,not-offensive
1199,0, has this tropics update for us now... but she will have the very latest details on  florence with the new 11 p.m. advisory.   be sure to join us tonight at 11 for  news.  nbcct ,not-offensive
1200,0, it is time the  conservatives  binnedboris and sent 'lyin lynton back to australia. ,not-offensive
1201,1, expose these demons violating our constitution with violence and threats to run govt instead of winning at the polls! name them domestic terrorists and jail them all. ,offensive
1202,0,  how about sensible gun control? ,not-offensive
1203,0, you are here ,not-offensive
1204,1,   so?what is wrong with white guys?..I am a proud caucasian andcolombian american woman and i happen to like all these white men that represent me..especiallysen.kennedy...we are soooo done with identity politics from liberals. ,offensive
1205,0, workout when you have a fat belly then you are insulin resistant and can fix it with out medications by fasting... details are here ,not-offensive
1206,1,  laugh my ass off @ the world league viewership compared to league of legends or overwatch or cs go. main issues are that the format is shit and the game is on console. so you need to fix one of them. console could be turned into an advantage uf you capture the attention of joe shmo ,offensive
1207,0,"  and lambda would be on the lower end, as others are saying on the high end is trying for influence.  anyway, you are right in that i was not using better investment"""" exclusively from a   return pov, but from a """"quality of life return"""" pov... some of that is money but not all."""" ",not-offensive
1208,0, but gun control will keep the terrorists from shooting ,not-offensive
1209,0, cats are just special dogs ,not-offensive
1210,0, c  she is also wearing black leggings boots. this attire was later shown to be her outfit in route 01  enebot ,not-offensive
1211,0, he is the fart in the wind of history. ,not-offensive
1212,0,    welcome guys!!! ,not-offensive
1213,0, bro your twinsie resemblance to my brother in uncanny! he is 30 years old now   maybe you are long lost bros? which would make us bros! laughing out loud ,not-offensive
1214,0,    q said to expand our thinking. this is what i came up with. i hope i put it in a graphic people can understand.  qanon  greatawakening  patriotsfight  wethepeople  unitedwestand  kag  maga  wakeup  walkaway  redoctober ,not-offensive
1215,1, just saw your algae commercial blaming  that is pretty rich considering you are the gov and have done zero zip and now you want to be senator of fl. ,offensive
1216,0,  liberals have always wanted to get their hands in your wallet and and now they want to get them in your pants. ,not-offensive
1217,0,  we already have gun control.  who would have thought that criminals would not follow the law?  let us make more laws telling them not to break those laws! ,not-offensive
1218,0, no it is not. ,not-offensive
1219,0,  she is a bad girl ! bad bad gril    ,not-offensive
1220,0,  we have to fight to not see that here! gun control out of control. ,not-offensive
1221,1,     holy shit that is awesome ,offensive
1222,0," omg xd the worst  or the best, in my case is the best cuase it made me laught  part was her asking is he dead? does that hurts? poor thing..."""" and the rest standin there like """"....nope he is no suffering"""" """"so he is dead!"""" """"...yeah, pretty dead"""""""" ",not-offensive
1223,0, I have been following this doll since 06 and he is a star. i love you smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
1224,0, he will get what he deserves in the mens prison........ ,not-offensive
1225,0, get out!!!! ,not-offensive
1226,1,  i turn the tv off when juan speaks. he is a real sicko. ,offensive
1227,0, when you put fortnite on the poll instead of spider man ,not-offensive
1228,1, he knew the email were released earlier! just pandering to his ignorant base ,offensive
1229,0, i believe soros is also the main financier or his socialist organizations are of the antifa  protestors   more paid actors.thumbs downastonished face ,not-offensive
1230,1, i blame  for inciting violence and she should be held accountable! she is a despicable disgrace. ,offensive
1231,1, aaron rodgers will never win a ring the rest of his sad ass career! i hope you his regular season heroics because that is all he is good for! have a nice day! ,offensive
1232,0, oh my gosh!! i love her!!!! a beautiful loaf  3 you are an angel for taking care of her! ,not-offensive
1233,1,  he is both evil and delusional. he eats those high quality paint chips. ,offensive
1234,0," gritting her teeth, the blonde then broke her shield and feeling pumped the blonde charged after him. give me all you got!"""" she then tossed some of her darts, aiming for his legs and would because only minor pain. """"show me how tough you are!"""""""" ",not-offensive
1235,1, can we start shooting the blue thugs? then going through their shit and saying that is why they died? because this is fucking infuriating. what the fuck does it matter there is pot in his home. what is in her home?! she is the guilty one not him. ,offensive
1236,0,  barking mad you are   movie camera who let the dogs out bekhit fahim   youtube ,not-offensive
1237,1, ajsjjsjdkkdjdk i want him so much he would literally tell me to die and I would obey him ,offensive
1238,0, donald trump has always been a dangerous animal to the defeated liberal left demonrat and communists like brennan. ,not-offensive
1239,0,  dammit!! i fell asleep. can someone tell me what they were chanting about? ,not-offensive
1240,1, her family consist of    cheating husband who never loved her  two bonus boys who made it clear she is not their mom and never will be   in laws who show more affection to stray cats than wewe.   paid employees who laugh at her while cashing her checks. ,offensive
1241,0, here are the husbands  1945 mrs dean 1969 mrs peterson lawton 2000 when she is dead mrs. peterson.  i think peterson came after lawton 1967 she divorced lawton  lawton had 6 wives last count laughing out loud ,not-offensive
1242,1, she is drinking so much koolaid she is bloated. ,offensive
1243,0,*overheard convo*  dad  he is talking about gov. brown. I would like to shoot him. he is a terrible man   small child  but why? that would make you a criminal!  dad  it would be worth. all liberals need to die   small child  wow that is sad   it is naive to think these beliefs are dying off ,not-offensive
1244,1, the democrats do not care ...they are out to destroy ..does not matter just so they are republicans and conservatives exclamation question mark️ ,offensive
1245,1,  grab them by the pussy!!!  what is the problem? ,offensive
1246,0, maga hats ? ,not-offensive
1247,1, good ..  she is the one that seems sexist ,offensive
1248,0, answer  difi and antifa democrats have no sense of decency remaining ,not-offensive
1249,0,teach the children well      maga2020  wethepeople  maga  qanon8chan  constitution song  via  ,not-offensive
1250,1,   he is awful. and so smug. ,offensive
1251,0," that is heartbreaking to read. keep being the best you. there are many that will see you in a wow. look at what he is doing"""" and light up with pride.  head high. one foot in front of the other."""" ",not-offensive
1252,0, buck up buttercup! ,not-offensive
1253,0,  ..........kindergarten for adults??? ,not-offensive
1254,1,  antifa is not giving death threats to professor ford or threatening violence if their candidate loses or spanky is impeached. ,offensive
1255,0, i respect you so much. i love what youfe doing regarding our youth and our culture. thank you for loving your people. you are loved and appreciated. blessings multiplied you to you! ,not-offensive
1256,0, he is so funny face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
1257,0, as it should be! ,not-offensive
1258,1,"   whenever conservatives lose a court ruling, they bitch and moan about activist judges or agenda judges."""" whenever anyone else loses a court ruling, they accept that they lost a court ruling. conservatives are whiny babies."""" ",offensive
1259,0,  what services will you cut? if the answer is 'none' what specific 'waste' will you eliminate? without an answer to these your commitment is nothing but political flannel. ,not-offensive
1260,1,  the left have become a bunch of thugs.  nancypelosi  chuckschumer ,offensive
1261,0,  then you are not equipped to adopt. period ,not-offensive
1262,1, carrey is becoming weird like peewee herman... ,offensive
1263,1, good to see your hosting of the emmys' bombed. seems only liberals like no humor. you will not be asked back. career killer. you were da rating tanking bomb. now go celebrate with your liberal pals. ,offensive
1264,0,   no way this woman was threatened and had to move out of her house because of conservatives or republicans ,not-offensive
1265,0,                                         that nutbar has not blocked you todd? she blocked me and gave no clue who she is ,not-offensive
1266,0,*60 … * sixty year old!   man ...... she is fine ,not-offensive
1267,0,   super storm sandy hit the north east. i agree with you though. people here have a bad idea of the east coast and it is pretty cool. the north east gets all 4 seasons at least. we get rain and summer. ,not-offensive
1268,0, good ,not-offensive
1269,0, how about sessions indict him and his cohorts for operation fast and furious ,not-offensive
1270,0,      deserved better ,not-offensive
1271,0, antifa should be declared a domestic terrorist organization. ,not-offensive
1272,1,  antifa is a domestic terrorist group  ,offensive
1273,1, down with liberals! ,offensive
1274,0," it was billy clinton's welfare reform"""" that caused this. to be clear billy clinton is republican lite, like hillary is. the clinton's campaign on progressivism, but govern as conservatives."""" ",not-offensive
1275,1,  so we should be denouncing democrats and their antifa thugs? done and done!!! ,offensive
1276,0, she is ,not-offensive
1277,0, have you ever served this country other than be elected? because that is not the same!  have you ever put your life on the line for others?!  i am one of the dregs of society!  dregsofsociety 🇺🇸 maga ,not-offensive
1278,0,  msm democrats liberals describe antifa as “peaceful demonstrators.” in my opinion they are a democrat army preparing for war.ogreogreogre ,not-offensive
1279,1, all communist democrat socialists are bad humans. ,offensive
1280,0, winston thinks she is lovely ,not-offensive
1281,1, it is going to suck with any rating. venom without the spiderman origin is not really venom. this is just a sony cash grab. ,offensive
1282,1,  yes it did... and it is on editorial... is joe q the editor of x men... no he is not... he is editor in chief. he is the boss of all the other editors... sooo he was not responsible... i should not be arguing because this is stupid... ,offensive
1283,0,  we need a wild wild web for conservatives. ,not-offensive
1284,0,   you are not helping people your case laughing out loud ,not-offensive
1285,0,  its unfortunately not as cut and dry as all that. gun laws vary per state. even cities. compare chicago that has extreme gun control with new york that has almost the same level. yet chicago has horrible gun crime and ny not to that extent? criminals are the problem. ,not-offensive
1286,1," someone should'vetaken"""" this piece of shit to a volcano. face with tears of joy"""" ",offensive
1287,0, you are something elsesmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
1288,1, i really thought so. he is the god of rap. how do you come back from that ,offensive
1289,1,business is business. i love this story. url ,offensive
1290,1,  jeff i have a lot of respect for you.    please vote no to brett    not because you do not like him but because it is the right thing to do.  he has lied   he is hiding documents    he thinks trump is above the law.   this is wrong !!! ,offensive
1291,1, this is the realest  and tealest  shit ever. eric da gawd ,offensive
1292,0,  both of them..... ,not-offensive
1293,0,     sorry and yes you are very wrong as most people who do not read the science behind the generation and subsidies are. my page is a good place to start but reading 10 20 books on the subject will get you some excellent schooling. very complex. ,not-offensive
1294,0,  100  agree.  if we see him starting this year it is because maxi goes cold.  i hope he is a next year starter... ,not-offensive
1295,1,  cnn will go down in flames with the rest of the liberals.  they are far too clueless to change. ,offensive
1296,0, what would happen if she were to support gun control? would the nra help her opponent? ,not-offensive
1297,0, america first  maga magic ,not-offensive
1298,1,  is paid to attack the credibility of anyone who criticizes or accuses trump of wrong doing. he is a paid political hitman disguised as a journalist. he is a hack! ,offensive
1299,0, have you noticed how racist the media is they only show the black players kneeling and no one every complains about that ? ,not-offensive
1300,1, brennan sure as hell is. ,offensive
1301,0,energy independence  a 'bi product' of donald trump's relentless pursuit to  maga! ,not-offensive
1302,1,     she is a disgusting coont! ,offensive
1303,0,    he is building it. ,not-offensive
1304,1,  ezra is a cockroach who needs to have light shone on. ,offensive
1305,1, when will they learn.  people do not care about what they think about politics.  just read your lines and entertain us.  keep your stupid pins and fake tattoos and ribbons at home.  maga  emmys ,offensive
1306,0,   be there with bells on thumbs upvictory hand️red heart️ ,not-offensive
1307,0, you have seen the reports and you might know more than me but have a look at how many businesses have closed down since the coalition of the   and you talk of training people for business. ,not-offensive
1308,0, agreed...he is the future! ,not-offensive
1309,0, I am sooo happy you are a gator!! crocodileblue heartcrocodileblue heartcrocodile ,not-offensive
1310,0,"   andy, you literally went on vacation right after making that pressing"""" announcement. you are a joke and this is why real conservatives are turning to bernier"""" ",not-offensive
1311,0,  is there any reason why you believe you are relevant anymore? you were not relevant when you were secretary of state all you wanted to do is give away everything to our enemies. go crawl back under the rock with barry soweto ,not-offensive
1312,0," 2d is a puppet for el mierdas"""" wowowow!!! i was crying when i see the video ",not-offensive
1313,0,  do not they have strong gun control in chicago? so nobody should be getting shot. oh that is right only law abiding citizens are being shot because criminals do not understand they can not have guns...gun control is not about controlling guns it is about controlling citizens! ,not-offensive
1314,0,   so ist es!  thedeepstate  jesuiten  cabal  satanists  nwo  kalergiplan    kalergipreis  whitegenocide  communism  antifa  albertpike1871 double exclamation mark️  draintheswamp  lockthemallup  guantanamo  expropriate  qanon rabbithole️     potus45  trump2020 ,not-offensive
1315,0, so innocent until proven guilty only applies to liberals????? ,not-offensive
1316,0,  i could care less about  his viewpoints as he is not a hero of mine and i prefer a more scholar like man in  conservatism such as x.not everyone has to take his stance as  heroic and may look to other leaders to define what a hero is. you do not get to think for other people ,not-offensive
1317,1, she is such a witch.  all she needs is a broom ,offensive
1318,0,"    i feel like generally the principle i would use is punching up""""  if you are taking people down then good. if you are like...just giving them a bigger audience then welp, you done f'ed up  i would compare it to antifa stuff  i mean, that is in fact what it is """" ",not-offensive
1319,0," the important distinction here being ex attorney general"""" ..so frankly yasir..nobody gives a rats pyjamas what you think..now piss off and find another trough to wallow in..liberals are finished in ontario."""" ",not-offensive
1320,1,  no. i think he knows  is going to lose anyway and he has nothing to lose in this battle. he is like a suicide bomber can only think tactically unfortunately he can only lie to stay in news. ,offensive
1321,0, exactly!  nice smiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
1322,1, disgusting ,offensive
1323,1,   cares a great deal about how he is perceived. the number of people who died is largely irrelevant to him as long as he does not look bad. not sure how blaming democrats fits with trump's amorality and lack of empathy but his inability to take responsibility fits. ,offensive
1324,0,  we must pray every single day. ,not-offensive
1325,1,  miriam ,offensive
1326,1, proud. shit is fire no matter what weather you are in. no matter if your house temperature is high or low. everyone is just too pussy to get in the water for 1 min. because after that you get used to the temp ,offensive
1327,0, no she is just informing the public of the horrible goings on in the trump white house. ,not-offensive
1328,1, hey bee itch you will be indicted and will go to gitmo ,offensive
1329,0, god you are adorable ,not-offensive
1330,0, by 'democracy' of course he means the democrat party. ,not-offensive
1331,0,7th and 8th grade football will be looking for parent volunteers to help assist with our concession stand.  if you are interested you my email me at darell.maddox ,not-offensive
1332,0,  this is what happens when you allow employees to destroy your brand.  americans will never choose football over our flag. always stand ,not-offensive
1333,0, maybe she is just mad that you do not “attack” her enough that she is getting as much work as she did at the height of her “victimhood” period? i always told you that she only got that much work for that long was by parlaying victim points from your criticism into work offers. ,not-offensive
1334,1,  as well this would allow you to still protest. but not stop a speaker or a group. really hitler did this in the early time of the nazi party a group known as the ss would beat up politicians and people that did not agree with them.  sounds familiar smells like antifa.  ,offensive
1335,0,  capitalism has killed more than that since 2000 ,not-offensive
1336,0,"10   but why?  do they hate us that much?""""    well yes and no.  for the leftists, yes they do.  why?  because they are leftists, silly!  you either get with their program and let them tell you what to do   or they hate you.  with the formerly conservative conservatives   no."""" ",not-offensive
1337,0," is not this bodyshaming""""?  good to see the feminists and liberals have no issue with bodyshaming, as long as it is directed towards a man."""" ",not-offensive
1338,1, this will be settled and will never see a jury. we will never know the truth. maybe she grabbed him first while swapping spit or he is really that stupid to just grab her. either way i doubt we will ever know the complete truth. ,offensive
1339,1,"      anyone concerned with mass gun killings"""" should reject """"gun control"""" outright as unconstitutional. especially since during the first 80 years of the twentieth century alone, “governments” killed some 170 million people. facilitated by """"gun control”."""" ",offensive
1340,0, damaged kerry’s non existent credibility. seems a lot of obama vomit doofuses are coming out of the woodworks ,not-offensive
1341,0, creepy! ,not-offensive
1342,0, alright imma need an explanation there ,not-offensive
1343,1, iya risi in my area did not get the money. she is a widow with 5children and all attempt to get the money proved abortive. is not this a scam? ,offensive
1344,0,    we know it is a strategy conservatives have.... not working ,not-offensive
1345,1, another lie. anything for a diversion ,offensive
1346,1,  she has received death threats and has teenage daughters. she is protecting her family ,offensive
1347,0,...was not great but he is still the best I have seen...my money is on thed ab's winning both the rugby championships and the wc with beauden barrett to play a starring role. ,not-offensive
1348,1,  .  the  metoo has been ruined by hateful demonic democrats.  it is now been weaponized against men.  disgusting how democrats liberals ruin everything they touch!  voteredtosaveamerica  maga ,offensive
1349,0, you are so adorable.    ,not-offensive
1350,0,   hahahahaha!! really?  stiglitz is nobel prize light bulb. you are a simple stockbroker pile of pooface with tears of joy. ,not-offensive
1351,1, yeah . niggas who dey wear durag nor dey joke. hard as fuck ,offensive
1352,1,   please call trump out for what he is...a narcissistic sociopath! ,offensive
1353,1,  we the dregs of society will make sure you are never president exclamation mark ,offensive
1354,0, and bill maher should try getting back into comedy. ,not-offensive
1355,0," all I am hearing is we do not care that people in this country are being unjustly treated, I am going to make up an excuse as to why kneeling is offensive so i continue to ignore the problems  we face as a nation."""""""" ",not-offensive
1356,0,"  thanks, i was wondering what this term was supposed to mean. right wing radicalisation"""" ... is that supposed to imply that conservatives engage in extremist tactics like maxine waters calls for?"""" ",not-offensive
1357,0, thirty aged zayn is sexy though jdkdkdk even though it makes me emo too ,not-offensive
1358,0, dufus of the year would be more like it...!!! ,not-offensive
1359,0,   white supremacist? you mean antifa? ,not-offensive
1360,1, delusional idiot and the traitor! ,offensive
1361,0,"  this is absurd. read more about the history, politics, and true belifs of fascism. antifa do not cannot do the bidding of ruling class because that is what fascism is for aka bootlickers. and you.s. liberals"""" have always been right leaning."""" ",not-offensive
1362,0,look at the date of this tweet   very telling for sure           maga ,not-offensive
1363,0,                     following all patriots. please follow back. thank you.  maga  kag  walkaway  witchhunt  redwaverising  votered  votedemsout  voteredtosaveamerica ,not-offensive
1364,0, a good person turns people in doing crimes.  to say satan made them do it is unthinkable.  satan would not turn the child abusers in.  what is this progressive pope thinking? ,not-offensive
1365,0,  she goes through with chequers the  are finished ,not-offensive
1366,0,   you are not alone ,not-offensive
1367,0,  get him off what? laughing out loud you better wake up and look around you. liberals want anarchy and no laws and to keep giving away your hard earned money to people who refuse to work. then they sit back in their big gated houses in their lily white world and forget all about you. sheep ,not-offensive
1368,1,  jesus she is the evilest of cunts ,offensive
1369,0," by being a spoiled entitled ghetto head? that really"""" screams """"feminist!"""""""" ",not-offensive
1370,0,  she is an angel! much love to her! ,not-offensive
1371,0,"  here are the people"""" who """"hold you up"""" and who you hold up.  1st photo they are beating a republican korean war vet. 2nd and 3rd photo antifa is beating minorities, lgbt and kids because they are conservative.  the left, your left is all about shutting down free speech! ",not-offensive
1372,1,  likenoother  gamestopcontest laura croft is great because she is a badass! ,offensive
1373,0, do not forget about the homeless in your district congressmen face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
1374,1,.     fake conservatives and their fake outrage over the budget betrayal ,offensive
1375,0, and there you have it... ,not-offensive
1376,0," democracy civil disobedience is paramount""""  dumpford  dictatorship  conservatives  liars  fascists  onpoli  topoli it is time for ontario’s other municipalities to stand up for local democracy  via  ",not-offensive
1377,1, she worked for  before he fired her for her comments on the view. she is inconsistent all over the damn place. ,offensive
1378,0, good day   i trust that you are well  please send me your email address ,not-offensive
1379,1, i thought that i could not dislike anyone more than your father but i was wrong.  you are even more pathetic than he is.  your children must be so proud to have a father who behaves like you.  tick tock....   muelleriscomingforyoutoo  patheticlittlemanjr ,offensive
1380,1, did you go to the south side where thousands have died? strictest gun control policies in the country and they do not work. ,offensive
1381,1, look st this bullshit ,offensive
1382,1, me bitch i will ,offensive
1383,0, mcquaid is wayyyyy too expensive for what he is. ,not-offensive
1384,0,".  and  mp  praises the 'innovative  publicsector thinking' of  this week in   if britain is to prosper in the 21st century, it is through embracing the  digital economy"""" right arrow️ ",not-offensive
1385,0, yep.unfortuly he has proven what establishment supporters on du said about him.why in world did he support bernie.he is all in for trump which is why i have him blocked afte rpreviously following him ont witter and youtube. ,not-offensive
1386,1,   tell this idiot to try with other religion book. her height will b reduced 6 inch from top before amrinder reaches her to arrest. she is sick. she needs treatment. and she is alive becoz she hindu. do not blabber non sense ,offensive
1387,0, but she never questioned congress’ sluch fund to payoff sexual harassment settlements. ,not-offensive
1388,0, she is loudly crying face ,not-offensive
1389,1,"    i do not know how they said they are not gay tho."""" and """"and by liberals you mean conservatives."""" sounds like me being upset.  as for why it matters, if it does not matter then why go to such lengths to deny that they are gay? there is straight couples, why not just let them be gay?"""" ",offensive
1390,0,  just think... this chap was teaching... ,not-offensive
1391,1,   snowflakes are liberals ,offensive
1392,0, so happy for you and your dad!!! my dad had the same kind of cancer but stage 4. he was diagnosed in 2016 and passed away this passed january. my mom is kicking leukemia’s ass since november of 2015 and she is doing awesome! ,not-offensive
1393,1,     so tell me all about why you are simply rudeand racist. was it your mother…? ,offensive
1394,0,  julieburchill is actually mentally ill. when i was a kid she used to fill the nme and the face and all those mags with her vacuous drivel and now she is given the space in grown up world to do it courtesy the spineless pro  brexit  eejits. she is pathetic. ,not-offensive
1395,1,"6 7  ....drunk 17 year old tell us little about his character as 53 year old, let alone about his competency as a jurist.""""  but it seems a tad more likely that conservatives are merely clarifying, yet again, that “law and order means using the law to reinforce a social order."""""""" ",offensive
1396,0,.alina ae hah! makes me think of my friend catherine back at home   3 mighty hunter that she is! ,not-offensive
1397,0, he is qualified. face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
1398,0,   you are very creative    ,not-offensive
1399,0, toad the one on top. nobama is best described as such..... 🇺🇸 maga  trump2020🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
1400,0,  antifa is a terrorist organization funded by george soros ,not-offensive
1401,0," you are too pure to become like this, atsushi kun.""""  he whispered as if he could hear what the child was thinking about. that was not so hard.  """"i love you, i have adopted you, i have saved you. you showed me a beautiful light, atsushi kun."""""""" ",not-offensive
1402,0,  basically me and my liberals friends want to decide what is right for the rest of you. ,not-offensive
1403,0,   we love an eagles family ,not-offensive
1404,1,  these liberals have no problem lying. ,offensive
1405,0, you are welcome and i do mean it. you are super cute ,not-offensive
1406,0, 9  well all sides except us conservatives. we are still striving 2 be reasonable with completely unreasonable opposition. how do you get out of gravity of a black hole with the moon lander rocket? you can not. what you need is a star destroyer warp drive. so why act like we can? ,not-offensive
1407,1, thank you ms desanctis! I am comforted that not all conservatives are letting their ambition blind their conscience. sexual assault harassment has been a plague on society for centuries   that should not make it a conservative or traditionalist because! ,offensive
1408,0,                                                it is hard to kill a killer. ya know?   read the book.  ,not-offensive
1409,0," actually should read as liberal mp leaves liberals for another liberal party"""""""" ",not-offensive
1410,0," no, no. olivia is fine. infact, she is here with me. you have a meeting today to discuss and approve of a new project."""" he replied to him honestly, faith tilted her head to the side as she frowned a little in curiosity as she listened in on the phone call."""" ",not-offensive
1411,0," politics  government liberals will not like this      says  took a call from  and talked about our plan."""" via  ",not-offensive
1412,1, if you are not hyping me up like the nigga in the back I am about to have to throw the whole friend away ,offensive
1413,1,  boop police department freeze oh shit  she is too cute open boopboopboop ,offensive
1414,1, dear andrew i saw the endorsement by cory booker the both of you are made for each other secondly you are view are so far left since you and cory both hate the president secondly you are a moron running against rick scott i hope get beat so bad ,offensive
1415,0, breitbart who the hero? it is sure not  ,not-offensive
1416,0, just did not look like any of the mannerisms he has exhibited. glad he is in cf ,not-offensive
1417,1,captain maga getting slandered? and it was not from me? damn. ,offensive
1418,1,   trump call them very find people so let us talk about groups like antifa and black life matter people that has form to fight hate groups you all would like to apply some type of moral equivalency to hate groups and them just like ice was form to stop illegal immigrants we love them ,offensive
1419,1, no bitch i meant i did not know we were doing it not zoomed in no bitch this is fun ,offensive
1420,0,  what a wonderful caring president we have. god bless him!!  maga ,not-offensive
1421,0, who said canada even wants him? we have enough entitled liberals here already ,not-offensive
1422,0, she is a cutie!!but she needs a packer bib ,not-offensive
1423,1, prouduncle smiling face with heart eyes she is the finest cheerleader of them allblue heart te amo stinky buttheart with ribbon ,offensive
1424,1,  my. arms. was not. that. big! n. neither. was. my. boobs! they. are. now! from. them. injecting. fat! into. my. body! ,offensive
1425,0, dream on! ,not-offensive
1426,0,   you are good candy you are good rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
1427,0, better leave  hiac with  sdlive women's title tonight! she is the best woman on the whole roster bar none! ,not-offensive
1428,1, rep maxine waters has been threatening violence on you the president and vise president. how come she is permitted to do this. is the doj and washington capital police sleeping?? why are all democrats above the law? this is a crime! ,offensive
1429,1,   i agree.   there are obese people trying to change the way they are.  good luck to them.  not lazy. tess holliday is doing the opposite.  she is actively promoting that its good and beautiful to be obese.  its not.  and its down to being lazy and greedy.  simple science ,offensive
1430,1, silly unhinged liberals. ,offensive
1431,1,   yes but it does not help with the made up stories about him. he should not of called football players sob. but he is right about illegal immigration. we can not support the entire nation. rules needs to change. ,offensive
1432,0, bono mocks nationalists during his concert in the last free part of paris. ,not-offensive
1433,0, i do not know if i feel sorry for you or should i block you because you keep going over the same thing. you have no read a thing or you are a remainer. still do not mater I have answered all your questions and you have done nothing ,not-offensive
1434,0, and the media will simply not calm down and just report normally and let the folks decide.   they are a propaganda arm of one party and anyone who disagrees with their doctrine is dismissed as evil and worthy of the auntie maxine or antifa treatment or worse. ,not-offensive
1435,1, do not bury the lead fam! it has nothing to do with gun control laws and everything to do with the demographics of those cities. ,offensive
1436,0,   liberals can not stand all the winnig!!  face with tears of joy. ,not-offensive
1437,0, chances are if you say “hey no need to call her a who are” you will get called a libtard and blocked... but more conservatives need to stand up and call out vile behavior. difference between telling someone they can not say something and what was said was wrong. ,not-offensive
1438,1, he blocked me a long time ago after one response that called him out for lying.  he is an idiot who thinks his  hit do not stick and loves saying stupid stuff to get liberals to love him.  a complete douchebag. ,offensive
1439,1,maybe in 2020  if trump is still around  the democratic challenger will invite all the women trump has threatened or raped to the debates.  fear  bobwoodward  theresistance  magats  maga ,offensive
1440,0, or the ones we lose when the nra challenges reasonable gun control measures as unconstitutional as they did the new laws that the  parkland kids helped get passed in fl. ,not-offensive
1441,1, usa  uk and probably  europe and  australia  with their level of intelligence?  weez all stoopid you all!   maga  mega  mbga  mcga  conservatives  patriots  celebrities ,offensive
1442,1, can we all stop pretending that the catholic church is not the seat of satan on earth? ,offensive
1443,0, just came here from the video and man am i discusted by greg seriously he is taking advantage of his sons fame.........f* k greg.....fire ,not-offensive
1444,0,  we are ready whenever you are person shruggingmedium skin tone ,not-offensive
1445,0,  like how the nra is biased against gun control. 🤯 ,not-offensive
1446,1, finally holy shit you are finally reading the goat ,offensive
1447,0, he is mark twain in my eyes. love him. ,not-offensive
1448,1, goodell and my lions both suck ,offensive
1449,1,...this obvious hit job on kavannah is not going to work...and the liberals continue to reveal themselves as demonic figures... ,offensive
1450,0, right!? good grief...he is just perfect smiling face with smiling eyesface blowing a kissred heartred heart ,not-offensive
1451,0,       it is a heritage to be proud of ... antifa destroy nazis   ,not-offensive
1452,0,  when we allow foreign law into our sovereign nation we have lost our sovereignty. say no to  sharialaw  constitutionday  maga  mondaymorning         ,not-offensive
1453,1,     i know you are not being facetious.  you are incapable of understanding contradictions. ,offensive
1454,1,  correction  liberals deliberately distorting. ,offensive
1455,1," why are you liberals, who are so quick to scream I am a victim"""", so clueless as to how our legal system works and which law depts investigate which crimes? assault crimes are not what the fbi investigates, period. your ignorance on this matter is glaring and you should be embarassed."""" ",offensive
1456,1,          that is what you are implying that no one took correct records having been to hospital it is usual for the doctors or nurses to record as they go so it is your claim that so many are incompetent if no single record was produced correctly  ,offensive
1457,0," biden successfully plagiarized to get ahead in his political career. he is the poster boy of the dregs of society"""". vote dems out in november."""" ",not-offensive
1458,0,    the problem is corporate barons are spending millions against conservative causes. take for instance nike. they plan on spending hundreds of thousands against measure 105 in oregon. billionaires are spending millions to curb gun rights in washington  ,not-offensive
1459,1, and you will spend your final days in hell sinking ,offensive
1460,0, heil facebook! yeah...pretty much. ,not-offensive
1461,0,        achtung   it is today vote now being question by hungarian     ,not-offensive
1462,0, the old fool proved he should not be leader of the liberals when he mouthed off about the sky takeover by murdoch. ,not-offensive
1463,0,   he is the best ,not-offensive
1464,0, this photo does you no justice. ,not-offensive
1465,1, you voted to trigger article 50. you are complicit. ,offensive
1466,0, dude you are old!!! lmao. ps  go pack go!!! ,not-offensive
1467,0,              great girl and I am sure there are more of them. in the democratic party. she is a real prize ,not-offensive
1468,0,  maybe he can help the liberals with tds. ,not-offensive
1469,0, watching liberals get all uppity at you though was the best part.  they jump to defend the scum as ever. ,not-offensive
1470,1,. is staffed with unhinged liberals and   this is a disgusting statement. ,offensive
1471,0, because she “is a woman??”. uh..was not her opponent a woman...not getting your ill formed point here. ,not-offensive
1472,0, you are too kind. thanks debs! ,not-offensive
1473,0, lmfao no   but he is in his undies ,not-offensive
1474,0, uhh.. he is so cute.. i do not know what it is about a strong man's man i love.. lol.. especially that can fight.. i guess because i had to grow up being able to hold mines being so short to the point you do not have to worry about fighting anymore.. ,not-offensive
1475,1,  i want to prove to him how actually retarded he is ,offensive
1476,0,    allows actual islamic terrorists to recruit on twitter despite repeated attempts to have them removed. ,not-offensive
1477,0, this message was approved by  antifa  pussyhats  blm ,not-offensive
1478,1, it is like a reading a leaflet from antifa or blm. utter garbage. ,offensive
1479,0,   she can probably suck the chrome off a trailer hitch though... ,not-offensive
1480,1,  yeah. he is very immature and can dish out criticism while crying and blocking instead of accepting any. it is cool. folks can see him for who he is mostly. ,offensive
1481,0, sounds like he joined  antifa   gov.   of  wa state recently took anti   police stance will not sign certificates recognizing top 20  law enforcement officers for  police  combat competition excellence   thinblueline  maga  kag  bluelivesmatter  lawenforcement  2a  ,not-offensive
1482,1,          ha if you really can not see the hypocrisy that is antifa then you have obvious drunk the cool aid. ,offensive
1483,1, what do you expect from vile violent lying disgusting liberals ,offensive
1484,0,                                                  some volient actions are done to defend one self. antifa goal is to stop bank monopoles on our nations. ,not-offensive
1485,0, why would dpd ride with this chic. i know code of blue. she is more trouble than good. ,not-offensive
1486,1,   chicago   nearly 100 years of crooked democrat leadership and some of the strictest gun control in the nation and dopey durbin attempts to lay the blame at the feet of republicansthinking facethinking face make no mistake democrats  youbuiltthis  chicagodeathtoll ,offensive
1487,1, better take an extra antidepressant cher it is a done deal. 🇺🇸 ,offensive
1488,0,  nobody interferes and steals elections for liberals in western democracies including america than soros. why there is no investigation and are no charges against him? yet! ,not-offensive
1489,0, would be great to see you in a scene for   ,not-offensive
1490,1, for the kochs and the trumps and the pollutors.. but not for we the people or students or teachers and let us not even talk about the things that a majority of the american people expect like healthcare and gun control! nothing but    for  and donors! ,offensive
1491,1, she is a liar ,offensive
1492,0,           yassss!!!  trump wins law suit   cali court overturns gun control law via  ,not-offensive
1493,0, i am happy to say i reported each video 20 times. I am so glad they were taken down. you are an amazing youtuber and to have your content stolen is such a large insult to you as a content creator its mind blowing. it was an honor to help such an amazing person! ,not-offensive
1494,0, and i have concerns with”democrats” ,not-offensive
1495,0, that is because she is got  head wave  at least 50 or so pounds and a couple inches or feet on her so it is okay. not to mention miley does not look the fighting type.  idk if she is or not  ,not-offensive
1496,0, 2  if you are not registered to vote. go and register. you can also do same day registration in connecticut if you cannot before november 6. ,not-offensive
1497,0,  no liberals calling for  to resign ,not-offensive
1498,0,  that is exactly what he is.... ,not-offensive
1499,1,   I am really not on any side of this mess but all day people were siding with cardi talking about nicki and do shit. jsjdhkdfhjfkfkhsjdhd messsssss!! ,offensive
1500,1," the comments below, defending drug ford's blatant abuse of power is completely laughable.  but, but the liberals.  bias, bias i tell you!!!  must be only the ndp rich downtown area that was polled"""".  ho man... thanks guys... i needed a good laugh! face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy"""" ",offensive
1501,1, incoming “evil soy” conspiracy nuts ,offensive
1502,1,"  let us focus on kavanaugh. bringing up other cases to make an argument about hypocrisy is irrelevant. it is like saying, let us not investigate this bank robbery because liberals have robbed other banks."""" try to focus."""" ",offensive
1503,0,this is how he  maga...?!? please explain... ,not-offensive
1504,1, if it could that shit would be talking to you like butch noo you already know he a fuck boii bye ,offensive
1505,1,   what a crap she is?.......total publicity seeker. since when  tearing apart the bhagwad gita is symbol    of changing india and why bhagwad gita .........if you have guts show here tearing apart kuran and bible too  intellectualidiot ,offensive
1506,0,. has done this to me and many others. shut off functionality and targeted censored conservatives.  foxnews  ,not-offensive
1507,0,beto of'rourke vs. ted cruz latest polls  democrat underdog shown with lead for first time in texas senate race   newsweek  maga ,not-offensive
1508,0,  where does antifa fall on this report? or did you only look at the right? ,not-offensive
1509,0,  he she deserves those tattoos. hope the antifa follow. ,not-offensive
1510,0,    think about why the ndp one it is because people are sick and tired of how conservatives run government and the ucp was supposed to be a different type of conservative but it is not ,not-offensive
1511,1,   he is not an opportunistic liar. nor have you proven he is. so your whole argument is fake news. ,offensive
1512,0,        islamism and the  left including     marxists  progressives  socialists and with  their shock troop  brownshirts  antifa trying to subvert our  constitutional  usarepublic ,not-offensive
1513,1, bitch i saw your whole ass tweet from wednesday you bitches always talking shit then back pedaling laugh my ass off just admit it ,offensive
1514,0, right on thumbs upthumbs up   maga 🇺🇸folded hands🇺🇸  wwg1wga 🇺🇸oncoming fist🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
1515,1," truly. he had that sly, self deprecating humor and swagger. like you said, very american""""."""" ",offensive
1516,1,  max is the boss. the conservatives should not have made such a weak dud as their leader this would not have happened. scheer tries to cater to the left wing crazies. he should be all in on freedom of speech but he coward on that. he takes the same positions as trudeau on nafta ,offensive
1517,1, reason is he is in a small market on a mediocre team. ,offensive
1518,0,"   and do not forget his telling a primarily black liberal audience conservatives want to put them back in chains"""""""" ",not-offensive
1519,1,  eric is a crook and that is that ,offensive
1520,0, you should do it ,not-offensive
1521,0,   would have been far cheaper to relocate jobless homeless to bulgaria where property is super cheap and many speak english. you prefer the expensive brexity way. you are governing. i would not do it that way. ref was non binding call for opinion. disregard it. was 50 50 near enough. ,not-offensive
1522,0,   do not listen to him. he is a disgrace and just trying to score points with the msm. juan williams has been very disappointing to listen to because i have liked his opinion on things. ,not-offensive
1523,1, the democommunists have allready destroyed america put men in a womens bathroom right to child molestors n child killers n illegals have more rights than americans if you think i am wrong bill say something besides kissing liberals asses ,offensive
1524,0, it was litterally the best i could ever ask for you are so sweet and funny and cute and gorgeous and omygod my heart is full ,not-offensive
1525,0, we thank our god for you every single day.   maga to  kag ,not-offensive
1526,0,   oh look  antifa are out to be play... opmayflower  goodtrumpsevil  patriotsfight  qanon  maga  magabots  digitalsoldiers  fisagate  gitmo  trump2020  draintheswamp  enjoytheshow  lockherup   strawberryrecall       wwg1wga ,not-offensive
1527,0,   watch it again. for crying out loud he is talking about joe within the first few minutes. ,not-offensive
1528,1,"   yes, american women are waiting......to be allowed to continue slaughtering babies.  mao, stalin and hitler all killed babies too.  liberals are pathetic, whiney, crooked, yet, say, we are for the children"""", except they slaughter babies!"""" ",offensive
1529,0,where is my maga cap?! ,not-offensive
1530,0, looking forward to seeing what you are bringing to the market.  the rum market has needed some quality infusion for quite some time. fingers crossed for a quality spiced rum. ,not-offensive
1531,0, baekhyun........person bowing‍female sign️ how are you?? are you eating well?? I am inactive these daysdisappointed but relieved face bcz of my project and assignment. anyway i miss youtired face and you better eat proper mealunamused face when r you coming here?? I am sorry you are busy but i miss you. take your time ok. tatawaving handlight skin tone see you laterwinking face ,not-offensive
1532,0, certainly a weird view toward the margaret sanger geonicidal philosophy of aborting minorities.  I would like to know if the black population that suffers the most shares her opinion ,not-offensive
1533,1,  the right has the unique ability to create monsters out of thin air. it legislation was even created to fight the phantom menance of antifa  currently in committee.  ,offensive
1534,1,  bitch i know you see the rainbow inna bioface with tears of joy ,offensive
1535,1, whoaaa that is amazing i want to see her now face with stuck out tongue   closed eyes   also you are a kinky lil slut but ily ,offensive
1536,0,    uns connects fixolas ahha ,not-offensive
1537,1,  she is a sick corrupt ignorant moron! ,offensive
1538,0, she is really good for him and told him how he needed to straighten up. i like her and i like them together. sometimes you just need someone who calls you out on your sh*t so you can become a better person sparkling heart ,not-offensive
1539,0, she is not lisa ,not-offensive
1540,0, it would mean so much of an amazing girl   could have some advice from you. she is finally following her dream of being a photographer and would love some tips. her photos are amazing already so i know she is going to be an even more amazing later onface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
1541,0, oh he is compromised 1000 . an outspoken critic of trump now is trumps water boy. either trump got info via private eye or putin’s got the goods. ,not-offensive
1542,0,"heather mac donald  colleges teach students to see bias where it does not exist""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
1543,0, it is a brilliant idea! since all the liberals want open boarders we have to pay for them someway what would you suggest  ? build the dam wall and start taking care of the american people!! trump 2020 🇺🇸  draintheswamp ,not-offensive
1544,0,27 reported deaths in sutherland tx church shooting. dems already calling for gun control and shootings and I am just waiting for to report on the pedophile content that allows. there is a reason american media does what the establishment has been trying to tell you to stop taking ,not-offensive
1545,1, your  app is down   sucks ,offensive
1546,0, she does not remember? of course she does not! she is making it up as she goes and with the “ help” of her therapist and all the others that believes her bs story. maybe if she gets hypnotized she will miraculously remember “ more details”  freakingliars liberals obstructionist🤬 ,not-offensive
1547,0, you are the man gregg! ,not-offensive
1548,1,   yes he is and the democrats hate it ,offensive
1549,0, dave has every right to be on the exact wrong side of an argument! ,not-offensive
1550,1, prime example as to why we can not have anymore liberals in our government.  they do not want to nor do they know our constitution.  they prefer to dictate and be superior than americans. their hate for our republic is brazen and we need to keep them out.   votethemallout ,offensive
1551,1,  bwaaaaa!! compared to who...trump...bwaaaaaaa! compared to that corrupt demented lunatic she is a godsend!!! ,offensive
1552,0,"     you challenged  libtards"""" i am here..my thoughts on gun control are si ample assault weapons should be banned for civilians i don' t remember 17  59 people murdered in 20 with a hammer i own a hand gun for protection i support our 2nd amendment"""" ",not-offensive
1553,0, you should ko her like damigo did to that antifa girl at berkeley. then blow her a kiss as she is going down. ,not-offensive
1554,0,   if it is true why wait to say anything until now?   answer   liberals will do say anything not to have conservatives on the court. ,not-offensive
1555,1,  just chicago so they can stop the gun violence. seems that is what democrats claim will stop it. show us in one of the worst gun violence cities controlled by democrats so the nations will see how that works. make it a model of successful gun control policies. ,offensive
1556,1,   that is expected if you placate the violent leftists terrorists.  kavanaughconfirmation  woke ,offensive
1557,0,  she is only saying that because she wants to win.  do not vote for this fraud. ,not-offensive
1558,0, love .. she is fabulous catpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartpurple heartsparkling heart ,not-offensive
1559,0,         yes! you are! ,not-offensive
1560,0,  tonight show? is that still a thing? who knew? ,not-offensive
1561,0,  there is an mp from new brunswick that may want some encouragement. ,not-offensive
1562,0, you have to preorder dear she is a preorder bonus in the game ,not-offensive
1563,0,      you are the racist. serenas outburst and pure hate was the worst I have seen in tennis ,not-offensive
1564,1, you are beginning to sound just like a stuck record brian. why do not you go and find something less boring to do instead. ,offensive
1565,0," pffft the new tweet"""" just keeps wondering around the interface"""" ",not-offensive
1566,1," so, i tuned into the emmys last night, i watched for a whole 5 seconds before some celebrity, i had never heard of, started talking about their platform.""""  click. liberals ruin everything."""" ",offensive
1567,0,make sure you vote republican up and down your ballots. vote red for conservative  values. vote republican candidates only to help our potus trump help americans to maga ,not-offensive
1568,0,  brilliant!  maga  walkaway ,not-offensive
1569,1,   okay violent liberal antifa with your kkk hoods beating up strangers you know nothing about! ,offensive
1570,1, he is so full of bs! ,offensive
1571,0, hahaha what great comedy. liberals are freaking hysterical ,not-offensive
1572,1,  omg !!!! really !!!  frankoz ... liberals ruins everything ...  defundpbs.. ,offensive
1573,0,     laughing out loud at peaceful protest. should i give you the full list?  over 500 incidents antifa attacked trump supporters and none of trump supporters attack hillary supporters. ,not-offensive
1574,0, hmmmm.  i think they should have held on to him a bit longer.  we might see his face and hear his name again. ,not-offensive
1575,1," I am pretty sure most of your  maga supporters do not have any new found wealth"""". i assume you are referring to your fellow billionaires that you gave a huge tax break to."""" ",offensive
1576,0, she is vile and hateful and just not funny. she needs to stay out of the news for the next 10 years until none of us remember how terrible a person she is... ,not-offensive
1577,1, coming from a guy who worries more about straws than cleaning up failed 'shitty' policies..now he knows best..lol ,offensive
1578,0,filling the skies   chemicals and frequencies   idonotconsent  wedonotconsent  opevidence  opstopchemtrails  chemtrails  skybastard  geoengineering  climatechange  srm  cloudseeding  evergreenair   bigmoney  nexrad  lookup  silentwarfare  weatherwarfare  maga  potus  breakingnews ,not-offensive
1579,0,2. the reality is that alleslev’s crossing over  more like double xing  to the cpc is good news for the liberals as anyone who seriously believes that the cons are a better party has questionable intelligence and judgment and the liberals are better off without her  ,not-offensive
1580,0, does he rage against 2 gender skeptics? ,not-offensive
1581,0, westminster   tories    brexit 🇬🇧   brexiteers  outoftheeu   eu  brussels  remoaners  remainers  quislings  fbpe  non patriots  anti uk  pro eu  traitors  snowflakes  bedwetters  leftieluvvieliberals face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
1582,1, bono is an idiot! ,offensive
1583,0, wait why did they need a warrant? is he currently under investigation? pretty sure he is currently not alive. ,not-offensive
1584,1,  rescue conservatives from its own demons? who are the two or three most notorious serial abusers of women in the last 30 years? hint  they were not gop. did they ever face consequences? ,offensive
1585,0, morrow said he is shooting for the white sox series so he should be the closer. hopefully. ,not-offensive
1586,0,  “only the best people”  maga ,not-offensive
1587,0, it is all liberals have.  it is all they ever had.  they see everything through the prism of race. ,not-offensive
1588,1, he should leak that shit anyways laughing out loud ,offensive
1589,1, you do not agree sexual assault is more serious than marijuana use? how many “baseless” allegations are supported by therapist corroboration 6 years beforehand? there is evidence and conservatives are afraid investigation would make it more convincing. ,offensive
1590,0,  libertarians and conservatives working together to achieve authoritarianism...shock.  the name ppc  similar to prc  sure was a good choice for them. ,not-offensive
1591,0, if he did would not this be the sort of thing liberals love? do not they hate all law enforcement? ,not-offensive
1592,0,  liberals own education in this country.  the faults of education lies on the federal socialization of our schools and the unions power over school boards.  look where the worst schools are... ,not-offensive
1593,0, hey  why do not you just leave then? it is ok we will be ok without you. let us know how much better things are where you end up. ,not-offensive
1594,1, maybe there would not be 5 of these things a day of there was a little sensible gun control in this fucking country. ,offensive
1595,1, over 30 years worth of background checks under different presidents and this one slipped through?  kavanaughconfirmation  kavanaughwithdraw  kavanaughscotus  maga ,offensive
1596,1, ask the liberals who have seemingly forgotten that you are a war criminal. ,offensive
1597,0,  all the news outlets can continue to write stories about michael moore and what he says but I am one of the millions that do not really give a hoot about michael moore and what he says ,not-offensive
1598,0, missing words are politically motivated. i have visited israel in the past four times. i am not anti semitic. there is more anti semitism and racism in the  party. i have never encountered anti semitic thoughts or actions in the  party. ,not-offensive
1599,0,. just another republican hater!  it amazes me that liberals do not like republican’s money money bag colin you are fired! face with tears of joyface with tears of joy boycottcolinjost  emmyawards ,not-offensive
1600,1,"  actually we got gun control and gun grabbers dancing on their graves immediarely using it for political fodder. accusing nra instead of removing sheriff and runcie who got paid by obama's promise program to not arrest kids b c it was racist"""""""" ",offensive
1601,0,"                  sanctions used to be the action of last resort now its there weapon of first choice"""" when was this? taking account of this graph  from and ",not-offensive
1602,0,   brexit  so we are being dangled another fictional carrot by conservatives of an increase in social housing in 2021......we do not know what is happening in 6 months? are we meant to be as stupid as trump supporters and swallow this propaganda? ,not-offensive
1603,0,"     antifa is a left wing"""" inspired group."""" ",not-offensive
1604,0, she is proud of herself and that is good for motivation when she is doubting herself because probably her label is not getting her paid. ,not-offensive
1605,1,"   this is fun, i asked him for proof and he blocked me. i was about to joke about how he would go from the antifa are the real nazis!"""" to similar alt shite talking points, boy that sure was providing proof quickly."""" ",offensive
1606,1,  quite possible. you are very right to be skeptical. but one has to start somewhere ! ,offensive
1607,0, she is adorable ,not-offensive
1608,1, good.  he is a mess ,offensive
1609,1," bbc stop with your blatant and biassed backing of the conservatives. theresa may did not hit back she was out on her feet and her responses were scripted, robotic to say the least. she is the worst"""" leader along with the worst government the country has ever had."""" ",offensive
1610,0, exposethetruth  ask  what liberal policies ever quantifiably improved your life?  libs make big promises + warn doom re conservatives...none come true. no lib agenda but neg hate. why use fear? how help you?  usa doing great. that helps! vote for your family life for good!  ccot ,not-offensive
1611,0, michaelche this guy thunks only white repubs and crackheads thank jesus guess you do not like christian’s money do you buddy?! good luck mike trying to have a lavish style off the backs of liberals face with tears of joyface with tears of joy  thumbs downmedium light skin tone ,not-offensive
1612,0, even if suspended ...he is an absolute game changer.  makeithappen ,not-offensive
1613,0, i really do love you ,not-offensive
1614,0,". are encouraged by  swiftgpi  when you solve the issue of transparency in cross border  payments, you are on the way to solve other challenges being faced by the industry.""""  bfnewyork ",not-offensive
1615,0,  we? so you are going to help like you did at the 911 site?  pictures pleaz. lying face ,not-offensive
1616,0,  i did not watch and will not watch  watching the september 11th stories and how we came together and stood shoulder to shoulder made me proud even with all of our issues yet the people playing a damn game cannot stand for this moment—protest on a saturday. ,not-offensive
1617,0, bring back alex ... jack... or ban nyt too... ,not-offensive
1618,0, yes he is ! but he still will not be fired ... ,not-offensive
1619,0,   hi! welcome to twitter! laughing out loud you must have missed the entire week of tweets talking about how reggie was doomed and we had maga running our football operations! laughing out loud ,not-offensive
1620,0, light bulbleakslight bulb  here are two badges that barbie has recently added to royale high and looks like she is doing something with the autumn town and fantasia getaway!     ,not-offensive
1621,0, ...but liberals want gun control and gun free zones. ,not-offensive
1622,0, hmm! maybe we now know why they see such a need for gun control   restraint of  their own  overly violent tendencies. winking face ,not-offensive
1623,0, conservatives basically want some kind of harrison bergeron scenario where public universities are forced to pretend charlie and candace are functioning adults. ,not-offensive
1624,0,"   you prove how little you know about history, with each new post, wep. wars are the failure of diplomacy, enabled by an arms industry feeding off taxpayers. gun control"""" is the last thing on their mind. you have been lied to, by pros in the pay of gun manufacturers."""" ",not-offensive
1625,0, luddites eh  should embrace tech  gigeconomy    thursdaythoughts ,not-offensive
1626,0,    it is funny how liberals and democrats work together but fight on twitter ,not-offensive
1627,1,  such delusional liberals..! so twisted with hate you can not even acknowledge the you.s. airforce..!! ,offensive
1628,1, srsly it sucks. when  your living life it is full of bullshit rules we just got to suck up to s yourvive ,offensive
1629,1,    you are as nasty as he is ,offensive
1630,0,maga...retweet this over and over ...he has deleted the tweet but let us let him know we have it! ,not-offensive
1631,0,   and i do disagree with moffats philosophy behind the doctor not liking endings. i also do not think its impossible to say that both things are true  the impact of claras death is undercut and there is a lesson for the doctor. clara is as much ready to die as she is to keep on going ,not-offensive
1632,0, ironic  or worse  that anti  2nd amendment legislators want an activist judiciary to verify gun control but same law makers are anti  cos ,not-offensive
1633,1, nigga keep tryna play both sides laughing out loud ,offensive
1634,0,  what the liberals is going on nauseated facelying facesnowflake️  hollyweird face screaming in fear ,not-offensive
1635,1, his eyes are fucking louder than his words!!!! smiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyespurple heartpurple heart ,offensive
1636,1,  I am all for gun control use both hand's ,offensive
1637,1,  because the average american has  500 lying around to buy a new glock. more likely mr. antifa will be using his unemployment check to purchase some dental work or a casket. ,offensive
1638,0, . writes this vile garbage then she points to the comments and goes on  talking about “those mean liberals were picking on me.”  they always play the victim card after they bully someone. hannity does this a lot! ,not-offensive
1639,1, boatload of crap! ,offensive
1640,0, big of   you are right   you do not lose to gabbert ,not-offensive
1641,0,    because he knows for a fact gun control works and it is proven to work and can not find anyother reinforcement for his argument other than those yee haw laws ,not-offensive
1642,0,  ha! ha! do not forget  too soon to talk about gun control. ,not-offensive
1643,0,  yes canada that is another great achievement from the  trudeau  liberals it just keeps getting better ,not-offensive
1644,1,  except he is. his administration has allowed crime in the city to skyrocket. you bloody leftist snake. ,offensive
1645,0, she is brilliant. you are not. ,not-offensive
1646,1,   how about yours chaplain. liberals are fools. ,offensive
1647,0,got to love a president that actually cares about the people of this nation!!!!  maga!!!  obamasucks ,not-offensive
1648,0, he is so confused. one of the liberals running loose beaware ,not-offensive
1649,0,  yes. that is how the liberals do. ,not-offensive
1650,0, you are probably wondering why we was frontin about them. i forgot to add that my father told us that their grandparents were coming over to check on us. and they never did for the whole day but they decided to do it now. so we forgot  we ran as fast as we could to the house face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
1651,0,   'think she is one of the demoncrats.  hard to imagine that a sane  or living  person would vote for her. ,not-offensive
1652,0,    three soft little figure skating ballerinas. ,not-offensive
1653,0, monster hunter ,not-offensive
1654,0,     i did not know my statement was for your entertainment but the root of this problem is conservatives do not root for serena even though she is the greatest america female tennis player to play the game. so of course they will side with the ref and it all stems from racial resentment ,not-offensive
1655,0,      perhaps asking miss rao directly would be a start? manners isaac. ,not-offensive
1656,0, all trump's fault i guess ,not-offensive
1657,0,  retweet this 42 times. ,not-offensive
1658,0,i am all in.  maga  wwg1wga ,not-offensive
1659,0, he knows you will deny him a fair exchange   based on recent and past interactions with conservatives   speaks to your poor ratings. ,not-offensive
1660,0, have you reported that the killer of mollie tibet’s will receive reward money?   did you report this? ,not-offensive
1661,1, i hope it was. fucken dinosaur thought he steinbrenner face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
1662,0,  take your fish and get out! ,not-offensive
1663,1, nah it is coz you are a cunt. blocked ,offensive
1664,0, imagine unironically believing that liberals support antifa ,not-offensive
1665,0,  what the fuck was that other than a waste of a minute and change of my life ,not-offensive
1666,1, curious could not find this on your website.  does not fit your narrative does it.  cowards. ,offensive
1667,1," its so cool that the blind idiot god"""" concept is already a real thing from a religion thousands of years old but peopl ehave to make it a fucking cthulhu reference for retard cred"""" ",offensive
1668,0, ・・・ did you know that if you are awesome enough to get a cherry cola tattoo you are entitled to a drink on the house at cherry’s for life?! cherriesrolling on the floor laughingtropical drink ,not-offensive
1669,1,   then you are a fool too ,offensive
1670,1,                                                  and trump fans are bullies!!! antifa ?? steve scalise ??  resists movement ??  you need to get off cnn and msnbc ,offensive
1671,1, hahaha big thighs is not going to make it ,offensive
1672,1," the dregs of society"""" are isis, antifa, blm, planned parenthood, illllegal aliens, pedofiles, and liberals.  this is who the democrats support.  once again, accusing others of what you, biden are guilty of."""" ",offensive
1673,0,"believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything.""""     maga ",not-offensive
1674,1, he does not know if he should slam manifort or suck up to him. he does not know if he should worry about junior and kushner or not. he is mad as hell but knows that he can not just fire mueller so he is busy puking in the bathroom now that he understands that asset seizure is a thing ,offensive
1675,0,*hugs milo* he is mine now and you cannot have him back.  .  ,not-offensive
1676,0,54 factory workers shot dead in oklahoma with wasr 10 century arms rifle. the nra blames gun control laws. ,not-offensive
1677,0,   felon eric holder  should be rotting in prison for his crimes. ,not-offensive
1678,0, she is face blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
1679,0, walkaway  maga trump adviser eyes entitlement cuts to plug you.s. budget gaps ,not-offensive
1680,1, it is exactly why i tweet!! well that and making fun of liberals and their insanity!! folded hands🇺🇸red heart️latin cross️red heart️🇺🇸folded hands god help!!! folded handsred heart️latin cross️latin cross️red heart️folded hands ,offensive
1681,1, that stage was such a pain in the ass for terrorist hunt i loved it ,offensive
1682,0, this would not have become a issue if he had not been choosen for supreme court that is a fact... shows liberals for what they are ,not-offensive
1683,0,  sounds like he joined  antifa .. gov.   of  wa state recently  took anti   police stance will not sign certificates recognizing top 20  law enforcement officers for  police  combat competition excellence   thinblueline  maga  kag  bluelivesmatter  lawenforcement  2a  ,not-offensive
1684,1,are all the republiklan maga wearing traitors going to dig through their childhood toy chest just to post videos of burning  ernie and  bert dolls?  ernieandbert  sesamestreet  toad  mariokart  traitortrump  traitortoad ,offensive
1685,1, do it shithouse ,offensive
1686,0,      she is a master of twisting words. that is her greatest skill ,not-offensive
1687,0, beto is anti american and believes in open borders and illegals recieving benefits. texans need to keep our state red! ,not-offensive
1688,0, character of a crook better off using dillinger ,not-offensive
1689,0, he never did show much intelligence. ,not-offensive
1690,0, now you are a netflix whisperer? jack of all trades right here. unamused face ,not-offensive
1691,0,   he does not care who he hurts as long as he is happy. how could anyone attend that sham of a church? ,not-offensive
1692,0," the kavanaugh debacle has given me a great number of new accounts to mute on both the maga side and the blue wave side. seems nobody stops and thinks, does this argument help my side, or harm it?"""""""" ",not-offensive
1693,0,  clapping handslight skin toneclapping handslight skin toneclapping handslight skin tone way to go liberals... taking away from  americans ... smh ,not-offensive
1694,1, ....and boobs. do not forget the tatas. red heart️ ,offensive
1695,1, you are such a comedian edd!! ,offensive
1696,0,                                               we have the biggest balls of them all.... just saying.rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing🇺🇸maga ,not-offensive
1697,0,"  aside from the whole meat is murder"""" nonsense, coastal liberals claim the smoke gives you cancer. austin tried to ban it in 2015 but it got knocked down. ",not-offensive
1698,1, how long will it take for one of the biggest arsehole's to appear this millennium  get humiliated and exposed for the corrupt fake lying toad that he is? ,offensive
1699,0, bitchhh loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face she was suppose to order some oatmeal ,not-offensive
1700,0,  i agree with you completely! the views that he has on gun control seems like it is common sense but why do you think that it is so uncommon to use common sense when trying to find a way to stop gun violence? ,not-offensive
1701,1, liberals be like ,offensive
1702,1,  he is made a gun control shift as well. check his talking points from last cycle. ,offensive
1703,0, there is shiva and she is not a boy. ,not-offensive
1704,1, liberal dictionary   illegal immigrants  dreamers  trump supporters  deplorable  ms 13 killers  human beings  human beings in the womb  not human beings  antifa  protestors  law abiding nra members  terrorists  bill clinton  feminist  brett kavanaugh  predator ,offensive
1705,1,   he is embarrassing and just as low a human as possible to diminish the loss of life of the elderly. ,offensive
1706,0, man i hope they say if he is playing or not on saturday ,not-offensive
1707,1,  wonder how many children he molested ,offensive
1708,0,   he is a biased liberal like most media types they still do not realize people have tuned them out long ago. they will not talk about 15 yrs of lieberal scandals rising debt but reducing 22 council jobs will make them mad! ,not-offensive
1709,0, conservatives can be respected up until the point where they start winning. ,not-offensive
1710,0, does he know who you are? laughing out loud ,not-offensive
1711,0, and there i was thinking i could not like you any more than i already did... brilliant. grinning facered heart️syringered heart️grinning face ,not-offensive
1712,0, freaking casual fans say you are their favorite. ,not-offensive
1713,1, another dumbass democrat. one thing you have to say about this president is he is not lazy. another bullshit story as usual ,offensive
1714,1,                     do not understand your logic. anyways this is going nowhere. this to me is not acceptable. maybe you are ok with it.  ,offensive
1715,0, would you know who she is?? smiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
1716,0,  here is a guy who was invited to speak at a mccain funeral.   nevertrump ers are as sick as  antifa       ,not-offensive
1717,1,  fuck that a bitch needs to have more class you can not act a ass because someone liked a tweet about you it do not matter who you are!  nyfw is not the place to decide to be about that life and run up and throw shoes. what cardi did was not the issue where it was done was the issue! ,offensive
1718,1,maga are perverts and demons period! nothing is sacred or innocent with these mutts of satan ,offensive
1719,1, figures! what is wrong with these idiots? thank god for  ,offensive
1720,0, i can definitely do that for sure! ,not-offensive
1721,0,   that he is but jace is also worth it. the hetero keep winning. ,not-offensive
1722,0,  thank youfolded handsfollowed youred apple  maga  hundred points🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
1723,1,100  agree with trump on this.  surprised to see so many liberals talk about how cute he was sneaking candy at a war criminal's funeral. ,offensive
1724,0,98  of all mass shootings occur in gun free zones. our cities with the highest gun crimes and murders are the cities with the most strict gun control laws. your idea of disarming everyone does not work because criminals do not obey laws and see easy unarmed prey. ,not-offensive
1725,1,  far left antifa just a bunch of bullies who get brave when in a mob confronting a few  seems everyone is a nazi if they have a different opinion ,offensive
1726,1, fake ass emoji ,offensive
1727,0,  where is mckenna? she no longer using twitter. did she defect to the conservatives? ,not-offensive
1728,1,  after seeing the contents of the post  i for one are pleased with the legislation we have in regard of gun control. on the other hand legislation does need to be improved to support mental aid to this individual. he has to be sectioned. ,offensive
1729,0,   there is definitely a feedback loop which is now even warping perceptions within the movement. labour factions often hate each other more than the conservatives ,not-offensive
1730,0,". ..... but but but all those gun control laws""""? ",not-offensive
1731,0, sjw  liberals                         sweden's feminizing boys with genderless schools via  ,not-offensive
1732,0,this  meme got me face with tears of joy🇺🇸smiling face with sunglasses driving mrs. feinstein  chinese  chinesespy  california  wethepeople  draintheswamp  justice  clintonemails  maga  wwg1wga   californiawildfires  redpill  factsmatter  factsonly  makecaliforniagreatagain  kag  dnc  liberallogic  truth  msm  facts ,not-offensive
1733,0,"... ... ... she is responding to her children... zero... we have no time... you must find a way to stop elpizo.""""  x, mmz2 """" ",not-offensive
1734,0,  ford and the conservatives hates the displays of democratic freedoms hence their attacks on the canadian charter of rights and freedoms and their hate for minorities constitutional rights  conservativesattackondemocracy in  canada  thecpcisapoliticalhategroup ,not-offensive
1735,0,  she is done out here. ,not-offensive
1736,1, going to boo his ass regardless now ,offensive
1737,0,  he is guilty until proven innocent!!! ,not-offensive
1738,1,   nope. teaching them not to give a shit what liberals from ca think. ,offensive
1739,0, surely he is a saint of these latter days ,not-offensive
1740,0,  notice how focused on him she is in all these pics. none of the kissy pics you see from guys while their girl stares off at the camera or anything but him. ,not-offensive
1741,0, this is said by the woman who is campigne sought dirt on trump. who lost by loosing states she could not or would not campaigne in. trump and his team found the weakness and exploited it. that is being policallly smart do not you think? he is the amateur here? ,not-offensive
1742,0, is internet banking down today. I have tried logging on several times but it keeps telling me I have either been logged off and gives me a number or it says you are experiencing technical difficulties... ,not-offensive
1743,0,"  the no gun zone"""" is still having trouble. by all means, gun control is the answer! lol"""" ",not-offensive
1744,0, good! ,not-offensive
1745,1,  you look happy .maga ,offensive
1746,1,  so pointing at the umpire and calling him thief is berating and walking very fast toward an official and calling them f***ing moron is not? i think it is clear who needs help. you are a man perhaps? ,offensive
1747,1,   you make no sense. “antifa” is a cut down word for anti fascist. nazis are hitler fascists by definition. many so called right wingers tend to fascist views. trump does. just listen to him. the so called left is far from fascist. ,offensive
1748,0, he is still one of my favorites ,not-offensive
1749,1, what the fuck ,offensive
1750,0, patty. you are injury prone like me. smiling face with open mouth   cold sweat ,not-offensive
1751,1, this is so fake he is unable to feel true feelings he even lies when he says anything and she is just as stupid in standing by a man who clearly does not respect the unity of marriage while he was with her and pay these women off stand up divorce like his other wifes did hes a pig ,offensive
1752,1,  when trump posts shit like this you know that he is distracting from something else that is going on.  distractification ,offensive
1753,0,   he is walking on a street with the strictest gun control in the usa. 1+1=2. ,not-offensive
1754,1, i hope that entire police department gets shut the f*ck down!obviously you all feel like you are above the law.obviously you are incapable of holding your own accountable for breaking the law.obviously you undermine everything a police officeranddept are supposed to be do. shameful! ,offensive
1755,0,                                                  idk some antifa nut job ,not-offensive
1756,0, thewallstreetjournal | mass shootings have made gun control a key...  wallstreetjournal ,not-offensive
1757,0, thanks she is sweet. very very timid skiddish scared of every sound so this hurricane is not helping her adjust but today she started being playfulsmiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
1758,0,.  says the uk does not diagnose cancer early enough. he hopes trials of special diagnostic centres will help in the future   nhs70 ,not-offensive
1759,0,   i refuse to acknowledge the scampi nik nak. nice and spicy obscures it through sheer brilliantness. ,not-offensive
1760,0," looks like gun control"""" works in chicago smiling face with open mouth   smiling eyesalien"""" ",not-offensive
1761,0,   why do you think? it really does not matter who she is representing.  we know it is not the people. by extension we know she lies pretending she is weighing the evidence. she is always only looking for an excuse for her votes supporting whoever owns her. ,not-offensive
1762,0,  she is from il and say’s she knows predators?  anyone else coming to mind?  buehler.....that is called transference and is typical and expected. ,not-offensive
1763,1,    police reform yes. we should try that. gun control? we have tried that over and over again. it does not work. but maybe it is like socialism or communism. we just have not done it right yet.  sarcasm ,offensive
1764,0, all lives matter!!!! ,not-offensive
1765,0, he is also still behind ,not-offensive
1766,0," please do not tie him to the left   the guys pathalogical also, let us not make alt left"""" a thing.  the alt right are nazis and white supremacists  a bunch of random college   yuppie socialists, podcasters, and a few antifa are not equivalent in any way, shape, or form."""" ",not-offensive
1767,1," republicans morals are stronger than  democrat  liberals  evidenced by trying to stop liberals from aborting themselves out of existence  it is the right thing to do   even though letting them kill off their young so natural selection would win would benefit us more   maga  kag"""" ",offensive
1768,1," my favorite part is where left leaning people say we should believe all accusations at face value when it comes to sexual misconduct but not when it comes to keith ellison. also I am a buddhist who is skeptical, thanks for adding to the all conservatives are christian"""" stereotype."""" ",offensive
1769,0, amen hundred pointshave. grest  day edwsrd folded hands  maga  hundred points🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
1770,0, aww. smiling face️ i tried lol. she is such a smart ass though face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
1771,0, flawed logic. some many liberals would identify as christian. because this is america and that is the dominate religion. look at some stats before you make overgeneralization. take your crazy else where. ,not-offensive
1772,1, oh i never had any doubt.. read all about the dirty wars too..he is a slovenly pos.. jesuit who worships satan.. ,offensive
1773,0, if bobby is fit that is exactly what i would say but not sure if he is or not ,not-offensive
1774,0, funny how i never get asked to vote in any of these fake polls ,not-offensive
1775,0,           ahhhhhhh yes!!!! it is amish brother and antifa warrior jaquonadiah. thank you for clearing that up ,not-offensive
1776,0,  who cares. ,not-offensive
1777,0, you may not be funny but you are serving up some serious truth bombs and i love it. thanks!!! ,not-offensive
1778,1, griffin thinks she is funny but she is not. she is a disgusting pig!! ,offensive
1779,1, so you all are going to fight against gun control but you all laughing at this guy literally pulling out a gun and shooting it? ,offensive
1780,1," a little note for   the bible   have you ever read that?  says that if the holy spirit is in us that we can fight off the devil. you lie and claim that you are holy  no human is holy by the way  so how dare you blame the devil? your new name is pope false prophet""""."""" ",offensive
1781,0, early antifa group. heavily armed but look happy. ,not-offensive
1782,0,  how much you are paying for patrol... ? do you think it is because of naheru or zina... indira... ? ,not-offensive
1783,0,  yes i do! because when he is grumpy he is impossible and he grunts and mumbles and shouts at whoever dares knock on the door of the man cave.... even at the girls!  but when he is being good? no. not really..smiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
1784,1," please do not start with what he is concerned about. she wants to go out, if he has something planned or an idea of what to do.   movie or not, it is scary.""""  avery felt like there was something she wanted him to know, but she could not remember what off the top of her head."""" ",offensive
1785,0,  lol!!!  i had not heard that!  i saw the guy who set fire to them before taking them off though.  now levis will be for gun control.  will people set fire to their jeans?  will they remember to take them off first? ,not-offensive
1786,0,     she is not a rep. ,not-offensive
1787,0,  she is but that is not why we are friends. ,not-offensive
1788,0, here he is! peaking out of a hizbollah flag. ,not-offensive
1789,0, ugh love you gamecocks stay safe and come home to us soon red heart️ ,not-offensive
1790,0, nope he is called shazam too ,not-offensive
1791,0,"   it is same video posted before. what i did was note that if different race had been in play, it would have been considered hate."""" thus, by objective standards, either that was """"hate,"""" or you liberals can not complain about negative references to """"black men."""" bye bye, race card."""" ",not-offensive
1792,0, it seems christine ford was an antifa member! wiped her social media accounts. what is her involvement in the leftist vandalism in california? ,not-offensive
1793,0,"         removable magazines are still a problem, but limiting high cap mags is another bit of the gun control legislation that will be needed to curb the health problem"""" we have in this country."""" ",not-offensive
1794,1, that is what happens when you let a liberal get a hold of a gun.  that would be a good place to start gun control.  ban liberals from getting guns. ,offensive
1795,0, ya take advantage of the monuments standing stately around our nation because if the liberals continue they will be no more ,not-offensive
1796,0, amazing how liberals will believe any lie that supports their agenda. this ford lady is an out right loony tunes liar.   kavanaugh’s mother ruled against her parents in court years ago. ford has scrubbed most of her social media accounts to hide her true leftist activism  liar ,not-offensive
1797,0,  you are correct. ,not-offensive
1798,0,"adicionei um vídeo a uma playlist  lil peep type beat you are leaving already"""" | melancholic"""" ",not-offensive
1799,0, liberal mp leona alleslev’s decision to cross the floor and join the conservatives would seem to be a betrayal of her supporters. did she consult those who voted her in? seemingly it is legal? imagine if  dougford decided to cross the floor and become the liberal premier. thinking face face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
1800,1, did he miss his head? this is a total lack of gun control ,offensive
1801,0, it is  she  is a real problem. ,not-offensive
1802,0, but i am a good woman with a gun  ,not-offensive
1803,1, meneither! she is a liar. clear as day a liar. ,offensive
1804,0," it would be better to call themfaux liberals fox liberals"""" b c the word """"liberal"""" is not bad  moral philosophy  and i do not want the word to be tainted by people who do not know the actual definition. look at the word """"feminism"""", society changed its meaning into something negative."""" ",not-offensive
1805,0," nowreading  a human rights crisis"""" via  ",not-offensive
1806,0,    exterminated is a little harsh   i agree with your first point whole heartedly.  i remember being advised not to go onto esa as the stress testing was harsh and i would be better off going onto the work program because i was not eligible for any benefits  except housing benefit. ,not-offensive
1807,1, i swear. I am so glad my fat ass never drunk that shit. I am tryna be slim but not crackhead slimperson bowingmedium dark skin tone‍female sign️ ,offensive
1808,1,  actually it is liberals like waters and antifa who promote violence ,offensive
1809,0, she is ordinary i did not watch it cannot stand her by the way mate what did she do this time ,not-offensive
1810,0,  please declassify information so american people will know the truth! for transparency!!  blueripple  kateswall   obamaspygate  noamnesty  nodaca  maga ,not-offensive
1811,1, the mother never moved i think i would have at least moved a arm a leg i mean something she is a idiot. why was not she watching for car geeezzz and the other idiot in the car he she is blind ,offensive
1812,1,  this is absolutely hilarious. liberals are so predictable. ,offensive
1813,0," attention! a north carolina twitter user... is publicizing an antifa target list with the names of high profile and everyday trump supporters. twitter has been informed. they have not suspended this account. check out his lists""""."""" ",not-offensive
1814,0, god save the united states if this travesty happens a second time. one hopes voters learned their lesson the first time ,not-offensive
1815,0,                                                 damn... then I will drink and fight right next to him... ooh rah its party time and antifa are the pinatas ,not-offensive
1816,0, did not watch and do not care.  maga ,not-offensive
1817,0, keep voting for liberals and this is the future ,not-offensive
1818,1, ahh yes we are because some woman who comes out 30 some years later can not be believed.  where was this liberal outrage when the guy from minnesota was accused of beating his wife. silent on that one libs god you hypocritical liberals make me sick ,offensive
1819,0,            do not forget antifa and southern poverty smear center. ,not-offensive
1820,0,  you do not believe this is true fact and ac360 commentary on your tweet. let say he is wrong in reference to florence. but is he correct on you not visiting any  impacted areas. how long you will fool your base fans.  grow up. ,not-offensive
1821,0,      1  a fetus may or may not become a baby. 1 3 or pregnancies end in miscarriage. if a woman had pregnancy complications that could kill her are conservatives going to let her dies because the fetus she is carrying has a 2 3 chance surviving? ,not-offensive
1822,0,  i hope he is out for the season! ,not-offensive
1823,1, why? why are liberals so trashy? ,offensive
1824,0,"       understood, sir! like on the morn of 11 08 16, nation hunkered down 2 cont. 2 help  maga, in  your god given stable genius wrds till the bitter end""""... god speed tziyon, shalom! con musica, lucho, latin jazz voc.andcomp."""" ",not-offensive
1825,1, get away from these lying toxic people! ,offensive
1826,0,  this is why gun control is such a horrible idea no matter what the reasoning it it results in this kind of thing. ,not-offensive
1827,0, i believe that serena would not cheat. yet even her manager has admitted to breaking the rules. this was not her finest hour. first a temper tantrum then calling the umpire a thief. that crossed the line. she is the one that should apologize. ,not-offensive
1828,0, he looks sane ,not-offensive
1829,0,   german antifastock fought against the nazis. german antifa rescued jews. ,not-offensive
1830,0,  what williams d was take away the attn from a tennis player who won and should have been in spotlight and not williams. ,not-offensive
1831,1,  we do not watch any nfl games. this guy can shove it in his pie hole. ,offensive
1832,1,  all he is missing are the inmate number ,offensive
1833,0,low t and the poontang clan aka  fucking donald trump  trump  maga  art  comicart ,not-offensive
1834,0,  he is a godless heathen  ,not-offensive
1835,0, he will get what he deservessmiling face with horns ,not-offensive
1836,0,                                                 do you know what antifa stands for? ,not-offensive
1837,1,     I am gunna fucking die oh my god ,offensive
1838,1, we in this bitch together person tipping handmedium skin tone‍male sign️ ,offensive
1839,0,  neverwithdraw  !!  dianefeinstein waited on  christineford lies because dems needed time to scrub the vast amount of ford's anti trump social media rants and coach her  to keep her story consistent.    democrats and  liberals are evil and mentally sick  confirmkavanaugh ,not-offensive
1840,0, she just sounds like she does not need to be a cop. not everyone is cut out for it. i think she got startled when he opened the door and in that short moment of panic pulled her gun and shot. horrible.i just think she is not made to stay calm in situations. ,not-offensive
1841,0, I am going to show you the difference between fire and air......... sam donald gemini unpredictable like air itself...kahlili mack aries...he is always going to be on fire...every snap of the ball every game the whole game.... sam donald trash trash trash  like donald trump........ ,not-offensive
1842,1," also she is thick as shit despite her posh brainy voice"""" on qt when the """"refugee"""" crisis was at it is peak,she said they should come in because there may be surgeons and dentists amongst them.fecking leftie lunatic. scruffbag"""" ",offensive
1843,0, right on shaft. he is shafticus ! ,not-offensive
1844,1,california   creepy fake uber driver tries to follow woman into her home     maga  kag  california  fakeuberdriver  bodywraprestraint  crimenews  ,offensive
1845,0, and do not say anything towards me because my cousins are puerto rican my answer puerto rican none of them blame from they are not playing the mayor of puerto rico the government ,not-offensive
1846,0,                     followed ,not-offensive
1847,0, well you are dumped ,not-offensive
1848,1,   you liberals live by double standards. look at what you did to monica lewinski. she was branded a liar and who are even after she produced the evidence. all because good ole bill is a democrat! your all fucking insane! ,offensive
1849,1,  apparantly that rule of law does not apply to republicans conservatives baselessly accused by dems ,offensive
1850,0, hectares cultivated with poppy for opium grew exponentially like never before during obama thou. i bet you celebrated his troop retreat. myanmar made so much money with the opium they are building a bigger totally modern port ,not-offensive
1851,0,    they are conservatives to be put on the supreme court that do not have all of these blemishes on their record these questions of their character there are better candidates. they need to find one. this one is the potus pic because he thinks the potus should be above the law ,not-offensive
1852,0,  is a disgrace to the united states of america!! ,not-offensive
1853,0,"  is a piece of royal shit of nehru dynasty. sometimes i wonder if everything i was taught stands shaken! eminent citizen"""", """"liberals"""", """"intellectuals"""" all these terms now tell me 1 thing  the person being mentioned is anti india, feeds off my money and shames me always"""" ",not-offensive
1854,1, probably say fuck it an do just that ,offensive
1855,1,"   and, of course, you exclude all but a select group of  primarily northwestern  european and a few asian countries from your any country"""" list. gun control has no positive correlation with lower homicide rates, even within cherry picked euro countries. ",offensive
1856,0,  thanks so much   this was an excellent thread. definitely going to be taking a look through upcoming class offerings  and hopefully able to take in the siwc presentation you are doing . ,not-offensive
1857,0,  you are the man!!!!! ,not-offensive
1858,0, you are very generous.  3 ,not-offensive
1859,0,dr. blasey ford kavanaugh  metoo . .  femfrauds  maga  maddow  morningjoe  wednesdaywisdom ,not-offensive
1860,0, haha the devil himself. now exposed could not wait any  longer to call for the wall not too be built. ,not-offensive
1861,0, i love your voice. how do you get it to sound so sexy and strong?  barbiedreamsvideo ,not-offensive
1862,0,    lmao. conservatives lecturing about conspiracy theories. that is funny. ,not-offensive
1863,1, tcot  maga complacency kills. vote in november ,offensive
1864,0," after slamming the book shut, she carefully balances it on her chair's armrest.   very well. you are forgiven.""""  with a flick of her wrist, she motions for him to lift his head.   """"you stand before vei'aran xilhatarra, first of the argentborn. why have you sought me?"""""""" ",not-offensive
1865,1, cnn = fake news ,offensive
1866,0, incoming the gun control patrol ,not-offensive
1867,0, antifa has never attacked voters by the way. that is a full on lie. you have the informational diet of thinking cotton candy is a vegetable. you might want to reflect on that. ,not-offensive
1868,1, i was on some shit last night ,offensive
1869,1, a perfect description of antifa. fascist shit bags. ,offensive
1870,0, either way we have your back. do not be thinking that you are dealing alone out here. ,not-offensive
1871,1,  the dems have done this since they were the kkk. except back then they accused black men of raping white women then lynched them. same play from the old playbook. everyone of these liberals crying outrage are fake if they are not pressuring ellison to resign. ,offensive
1872,0, i hope this turns out to be everything the liberals want and then some. i can handle the truth no matter which way it leads i hope they can do the same. ,not-offensive
1873,1, oh my god. they are so fucking cute. ,offensive
1874,1,  you are a liar ed. you have always been a liar. the people in puerto rico lives in squalor. govt officials hid supplies sent. miss reported death toll due to hurricane. stop lying! ,offensive
1875,0,    pittsburgh sucks kek ,not-offensive
1876,0,  so pretty yet so naive. great actress though. everything she said was not of american values and was against freedom of the american people. gun control does not work. just look at chicago. ,not-offensive
1877,1, any texan that would grant automatic citizenship to illegal immigrants should never be elected. ,offensive
1878,0, and we i will salute jim carey by boycotting his movies and media! middle finger ,not-offensive
1879,0, amen he is with me ,not-offensive
1880,0, everyone in the us “heard” you were clearly not qualified to do this job and voted accordingly. ,not-offensive
1881,0, just by looks this guy has antifa written all over him ,not-offensive
1882,1,all this talk about trump's dick allegedly looking like toad from  mariokart  this is the only thing that has been accomplished. only now the libs are picturing a 70 year old man naked.    maga ,offensive
1883,1, documents must be getting close to this crook. ,offensive
1884,0,"       it is not about how much he is played...its about trade value""""he is more valuable then a 5th"""" ",not-offensive
1885,0, as he said in exchange for a 14 day jail sentence and that is the max both sides could get. ,not-offensive
1886,0, i did not recognize him without his antifa mask. ,not-offensive
1887,0, liberals will not cry over milk they will not spill. ,not-offensive
1888,1,   they should consider gang squad units. they should consider controlling the dope epidemic. they should consider a lot of things. but the loosing left would disagree and just scream gun control ,offensive
1889,0, *too disconnected ,not-offensive
1890,1,  could anyone expect anything less from a fool like j rubin? incompetent hair on fire libs cost people their lives and blame it pres. trump. ,offensive
1891,1,    the institution only let her tweet when she behaves. she is a window licker!!!! ,offensive
1892,0, definitions for liberals  dangerous = exculpatory. more clown face’s ,not-offensive
1893,0, he is the best!! they ended them all. ,not-offensive
1894,0, he is doing life thoexpressionless face ,not-offensive
1895,0,  I am glad mia is feeling better! ,not-offensive
1896,0,   unless he is resigning! ,not-offensive
1897,0,if the statement was so immediate why did the gop have a letter with 65 signatures. think they collected that in a day?  maga ,not-offensive
1898,0,  ilegal invader kills 13 year old canadian girl ,not-offensive
1899,1, maxinewaters   trump ‘has displayed the most despicable behavior that any human being could do’  maga ,offensive
1900,0,. they both want you to believe in yourself and to do your own research to discover the truth. they want people to see 100  of the big picture  not just the 50  found on  fakenews that leads people into their echo chambers .  censorship of  conservatives is a bad idea! ,not-offensive
1901,1, bigly....lol.....bigly? he did not won...he was elected by the people of the united states ahole...what he will are you referring to? antifa fools that get their asses kicked...vagina hats..lol pathetic ass ,offensive
1902,1,so I am at the store and a dude walked in wit a maga shirt on  smh   dog i was mean muggin the fuck outta dude so much that he left his broad in the store.person shruggingmedium skin tone‍male sign️smiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes ,offensive
1903,0, truly you are amazing sir ji .. ,not-offensive
1904,0,  4 he is poor ,not-offensive
1905,0, college football is much more interesting than the nfl protesters. ,not-offensive
1906,1,  i know right. it pisses me off he is so busy giving himself credit while we are all scared to death  here in nc. i do not trust him ,offensive
1907,0,      conservatives who love draft dodgers. i love it. ,not-offensive
1908,0,   perfectly stated! love our president! red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️ ,not-offensive
1909,0," between that and antifa claiming territory"""" like a gang and beating up that vet, the american left just can not stop shooting itself in the foot"""" ",not-offensive
1910,0, by citizens he means democrat voters... ,not-offensive
1911,1, typical sore loser he is as always! piece of shit! ,offensive
1912,0, she used her power and authoritative position over this child to manipulate him and get him drunk so she would have him at her disposal. now she is using her gender as an excuse and claiming the victim assaulted her when we have text messages and pictures that show otherwise ,not-offensive
1913,0, you are becoming unhinged with this game.... ,not-offensive
1914,1,       or a piss up in a brewery !! hat ,offensive
1915,1,.she is dirty like trump...she stole ted cruz campaign voters list and gave it to trump ,offensive
1916,0, good bye flakey fake and good riddance! ,not-offensive
1917,1,  and those same politicians from both  and  are selling the country down the drain. ,offensive
1918,0,   how much lonely she is and how much she misses her azeez dost and how much she needs that touch to comfort her restless head right now is all evident in this one freaking scene! bow to these amazing actorstwo hearts  jenshad is major actors and couple goalstwo heartsfire  adiya  bepannaah ,not-offensive
1919,0,   liberals have made it an art form.  troughtimepig face spade suit️ ,not-offensive
1920,0,    evil  must be stopped! he is a major part of the swamp in dc!  maga  wwg1wga  draintheswamp   qanons   down with government corrruption ,not-offensive
1921,0,   clearly you are right about flaws but why are there doo trains on this route and rmt are striking on swr where there are guards — they have obviously agreed to the doo principle so cannot understand the striking ,not-offensive
1922,0, wow this colour scheme i am living for it also you?? are so pretty?? ,not-offensive
1923,0, I am a brat ... can not deal with another woman to long unless she is relaxed like a guy ,not-offensive
1924,0, and they say big tech is not biased! give me a break! wake up people! ,not-offensive
1925,0,  insanity...just like the commies!  hypocrisy  thestorm  maga  kag  qanon ,not-offensive
1926,0,"  principled conservatives"""" are a rogues gallery of nevertrumpers who were not at all uncomfortable with the idea of hrc winning the 2016 presidential election. in fact, some of them voted for her."""" ",not-offensive
1927,1, not really. gun control limits one capability to personally safety. it makes it even harder for good people to buy guns legally. it will even make it hard for women to obtain guns for self defense. just keep a simple background check system we already have. ,offensive
1928,0," fascism of the right is fully represented by the  and protected by the  who hold the left"""" to account with their threats to tax havens."""" ",not-offensive
1929,1, the gop has blood on their hands. gun control!!! ,offensive
1930,0,  that is how liberals interoperate the law! one more reason to make sure we flood the courts with conservative judges. ,not-offensive
1931,0,   labour and  can not commit to ruling out a second referendum as he is trying to be a people pleaser and win every possible vote he could get and positioning themselves either way like  would not go down well with some voters  conservatives  bbcqt  brexit  eu ,not-offensive
1932,0,collisionputting faces to the deep statecollision  james of'keefe of  announces deep state investigation at the gateway eagle forum. fantastic! looking forward to this grinning face with smiling eyes  conspiracynomore  patriotswin  trumptreason  thetruthshallsetusfree  maga  wwg1wga ,not-offensive
1933,0,  proud gun owner here. gun control would definitely fix it. plenty of societies have solved this problem. we can do much better than this. ,not-offensive
1934,0," qanda there are 208 women in the commons, up from 191 in 2015, as a result of thursday's general election. this takes female representation in the commons to a new high. overall 32  of mps are women ... for labour the figure is 45 , and 21  for the conservatives"""". bbc 2017"""" ",not-offensive
1935,0, without the prior existence of fascism antifa would have no raison d'etre. end fascism and antifa goes away. ,not-offensive
1936,0, he is going extinct ,not-offensive
1937,1,   no worries antifa. you can still live in your parents basement and go to your community college!!! ,offensive
1938,1, when atmosphere turns greenish tint from greenhouse gases and humans eat humans in candy bar form maybe I will care. maga!!!!!!!! ,offensive
1939,1, go to hell! this is not queen for a day. i believe you less and less with every bit of bullsh*t you pull. you are nothing but a lying demonrat!  maga  trump2020 ,offensive
1940,0, does this guy even read the bible? ,not-offensive
1941,0,   gun control works real well in chicago right mr alos ,not-offensive
1942,0, i have backtraced your ip and have sent you information to antifa. ,not-offensive
1943,1,more like  putin every day.  maga ,offensive
1944,0,  stricter gun control laws will only be enforced by people with guns. ,not-offensive
1945,1, these bitches on my brain ,offensive
1946,1,   trump is done. you are a anti ameican pro trump azz!! ,offensive
1947,1,  she is trolling to fuck with you because some of you all be quick to call mfs coons for minor disagreements ,offensive
1948,0,   can you eat this child you are wild ,not-offensive
1949,0,    the choice is simple. if you vote gillum you are voting for socialism. if you vote for ron desantis you are voting for everything that makes florida great.  voterondesantis2018 ,not-offensive
1950,0,  hahaha...it did not happen so she is fine..... ,not-offensive
1951,0, attention!  is publicizing a target list for antifa on his twitter account. this list has high profile names and names of random trump supporters. please check his list for your name and report him to  ,not-offensive
1952,1,    I am going to tell you one more time to fuck off before i block and report your ass. who is your current president? ,offensive
1953,1,   she is the “comedian” that lectures the audience for an hour how white men are the scum of the earth. ,offensive
1954,0, do not think she did much to accomplish that goal! ,not-offensive
1955,1,    she is a wannabe hilary clinton.. can not stand that woman and anything that the ndp stands for. i believe that they are even more dangerous than the liberals! ,offensive
1956,1,  is not that the amazon bitch from antifa? ,offensive
1957,1, likely shift? he is a political operative for the gop. this will be a life long dream for many who have been working towards this outcome for decades. it is sad. ,offensive
1958,0, she is getting big laughing out loud ,not-offensive
1959,1,*gets period* you are the because of my 𝓭𝔂𝓼𝓹𝓱𝓸𝓻𝓲𝓪 ,offensive
1960,1,shits about to hit the fan.  maga ,offensive
1961,1,  john kerry is a swamp rat nothing more nothing less cnn we all know is the clown news network ,offensive
1962,0, you are out doing yourself today. ,not-offensive
1963,0, another liar that broke his oath ,not-offensive
1964,1, take your anti american crap somewhere else.  tedcruz for senate!!  maga ,offensive
1965,0, the war on free speech = antifa ,not-offensive
1966,1, 7   million buyout. losers. ,offensive
1967,1, russia had ivan the terrible. fsu has willie the terrible. he is to fsu what bitch rod was to michigan and tango charlie was to texas. we pay this piece of shit  5 million to put up 10 points against our first two fbs opponents. even western michigan scores 41 against syracuse. ,offensive
1968,0,"kavanaugh accuser christine blasey ford may testify before senate judiciary committee""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
1969,1, and people died in chicago because of you. now how stupid does that sound you idiot ,offensive
1970,1,  in every conner coz anti pakistani will not able to attack on our future generation rights ,offensive
1971,1, was al gore nominated for supreme court judge? you conservatives have some nerve. ,offensive
1972,0, he is compromising an active investigation. sounds like obstruction of justice to me! ,not-offensive
1973,1, liberals are not very smart ,offensive
1974,1, fool! ,offensive
1975,1,"    bs made up by a lying liberal..a cheap filthy who are, whose lies help to undermine real women who are sexually assaulted.  but with trashy liberals who cares?"""" right? as long as the end can justify the means?  trashy libs tried same thing with judge thomas.  democrats are sick."""" ",offensive
1976,0, was? i bet you are still into sloane...she is pretty awesome!! ,not-offensive
1977,0, deport! california knows  trump supporters are going to be out at every election to vote republican! hey hey ho ho illegal aliens need to go!  heyhey ,not-offensive
1978,1,    this comment only shows that having refused to engage with facts you do the fascist antifa approach which is to use personal attack to try to bully your way into some mythical win. research projection and stop doing it you look stupid now! ,offensive
1979,1,  this is a teacher or nut job...you be the judge...but remember she is influencing young minds. ,offensive
1980,0,  you care about black men dying at the hands of racist cops? you care about the immigrants being kidnapped at the border? you care about the 3k puerto ricans that died? i figured you would bring up antifa. that says everything about you. ,not-offensive
1981,0,                                  nice list. of course i am against gun control. i am also in favor of freedom of religion. people can believe whatever horseshit they like. they just need to keep it out of schools. creationism has no place in schools. ,not-offensive
1982,1,".....""""  and he is shuting up.  do not mess with yumi. do not ever mess with ms. yuzuki."""" ",offensive
1983,1, I am just here to see which liberals decide to politicize this tragedy  despite cincy having tight gun control ...  eyes ,offensive
1984,1,  she is probably a millionaire now and once they get paid all that money to slander and ruin someone is name they go away because they do not want to get sued  for slander libel. the democrat party pays a lot of money to get people to make false accusations against conservatives. ,offensive
1985,0,  you are welcome ,not-offensive
1986,1, me too lynchings of innocent republicans conservatives will continue if gop let us the kavanaugh fraud prevail. gop should fight fire with fire and do this one time to a prominent dem male. watch it stop after that. ,offensive
1987,0, yea he is he said he would if tua was healthy ,not-offensive
1988,0, many products hit the shelves in the us first. canada is not that big of a economy. in fact it is 10th in the world for all you liberals thinking that somehow we could strong arm the usa. ,not-offensive
1989,0,. liberals attack private lives when they can not attack policies. ,not-offensive
1990,0,       I am not liking the direction he is going in.  he needs to make happy couples and have happiness in their lives. ,not-offensive
1991,0, yes you are ,not-offensive
1992,1,   sensible gun control can only help. mentally unstable people should not have guns. people with restraining orders should not have guns. no one needs a gun with a magazine more than 5 6 rounds  unless the zombie apocalypse happens . ,offensive
1993,0,   the conservatives are finding this pill very hard to swallow. ,not-offensive
1994,0, amazing when reporters are scared of the truth!! does not that tell you everything!  maga  releasethedocuments ,not-offensive
1995,1,  agreed. it is probably white people screaming how offensive she is too. i wish big brother was not forced by the twitter sjw army to remove her. we have all said offensive things when we were teenagers. ,offensive
1996,0,    for the record i know doug jones personally and he is only a sen. because we had no other credible choice. he will not be at the next election. ,not-offensive
1997,0,    ask the un why? ask liberals why? ,not-offensive
1998,0, brexit and conservatives as well that face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
1999,0,regrann from trump babes 2020   🇺🇸🇺🇸amazing maga babe🇺🇸🇺🇸  trump  trump2020  maga  maga2020  trumpbabes  trumpbabes2020  trump babes 2020  milfsfortrump   babesfortrump  babesfortrump2020… ,not-offensive
2000,0,     did you forget about the 7 years of war previous? or perhaps the economic crash of 2008 and all of it is consequences? maybe you need to be reminded of all the stonewalling by congress on any attempts of gun control by the obama administration? ,not-offensive
2001,1,  if obama's lips are moving then he is lying. ,offensive
2002,0,          love it trump wanted to do something liberals and democrats just talk and have hearing ,not-offensive
2003,1,  dearprofessorford i want you to know that i have zero respect for you and your antifa style attack on kavanaugh. you thought you were going to drop a bomb with your face covered and blow up a good man's life. you have been exposed for the political hack that you are.  shame on you ,offensive
2004,0, becoming what? the reason for “what happened” ? ,not-offensive
2005,0, more empirical proof that liberals are the fascists who are trying to ruin america by destroying the sovereign rights of the people. ,not-offensive
2006,0,the swamp in dc and ny is all about self enrichment!!money bagmoney bag   wethepeople must take our country back!raised fist   takeusaback  maga  americafirst  usa🇺🇸   mondaymotivation  mondaymorning  mondaymood  constitutionday ,not-offensive
2007,0, can it be an alert that he is resigning??!!thinking facethinking facethumbs upmedium light skin tone ,not-offensive
2008,0,  deplorables are resolved to  maga ,not-offensive
2009,1, yea that is a crazy ass story. like how do you go into the wrong apartment. there is numbers on doors. and would not you notice as soon as you walk in and it are not your shit person shrugginglight skin tone‍female sign️person facepalminglight skin tone‍female sign️ ,offensive
2010,1, i hope so. that tana girl fucks anything laughing out loud ,offensive
2011,0,the  left thanks to  lisapage is realizing that the  muellerinvestigation is doomed but that is not news to us. any investigation of an innocent person is doomed from the start.  maga ,not-offensive
2012,0, you do what you need to do. you are an amazing person. who cares what others think. ,not-offensive
2013,0, yes she is! ,not-offensive
2014,0,  i loathe  ,not-offensive
2015,0," if you are trying to use the word pet"""" as in like... a term of endearment towards another human you can just use """"chouchou"""""""" ",not-offensive
2016,1,    do you like love louis farrakhan because he is a racist or an anti semite? which one? ,offensive
2017,0, politicslive  conservatives told us selling council  house deregulating rental housing market solutions would lead to more housing cheaper rents more home ownership now look at the homeless figures sky high rents lack of tennant rights profits  tories selling public land  labour ,not-offensive
2018,0,  I am sure you are not. you just thought it was free grinning face with smiling eyes there is nothing wrong with that face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
2019,1, google cfo is a joke! and so is the idiot who hired her for this position.   googlearecorrupt    bestuseqwant ,offensive
2020,0, he obviously is not boycotting  ,not-offensive
2021,0, she is so beautiful! red heart️ ,not-offensive
2022,1, all you need to know is he is empty inside ,offensive
2023,0, this is why you are my favourite person ,not-offensive
2024,0,confirm kavanaugh now!   maga ,not-offensive
2025,1,  do not usually do twitter”conversations”but my point was dana may be kind of woman who does not want to help other woman wants to be the prima donna and so does not care about developing next gen girls.she is against gun control and is not bothered by school shootings must not like kids ,offensive
2026,0, this stinks like week old fish she is a best a liar ,not-offensive
2027,0,      you will be lucky. he will be hiding from his constituents in hull or some other lesser known part of rossendale and darwen. ,not-offensive
2028,0,  look at that face?  would someone please tell me why it seems soooo many liberals look sooo pissed off all the time   are they constipated?   mix in some fiber! ,not-offensive
2029,1, he is a russian spy  have received much money from putin. ,offensive
2030,1,  crush him beto !!! make him look like the idiot he is. ,offensive
2031,0, you are my help ,not-offensive
2032,0, she comes with a cage and with at least two months worth of food left and two food bowls.  together is a extra  30  cage was expensive!  she does not have to be groomed yet due to the fact that she is still a puppy.  **she comes with the bigger cage.**  direct message for more information! ,not-offensive
2033,0, dreaming... ,not-offensive
2034,0, tell her that she is a leader!!! ,not-offensive
2035,0,  thanks chris you are very helpful. ,not-offensive
2036,0, so will this all be hidden like the liberals hid everyrhing about the failed nipigon bridge?!?! huh? our money and we are barred from the truth sickens me. they are communists ,not-offensive
2037,0, democrats and liberals have dragged this out far too long. the american people are tired of it. confirm the guy and move on. how convenient that this guy is about to be confirmed as a us supreme court justice and someone accuses him of sexual assault from high school.  ridiculous ,not-offensive
2038,0, she is an absolutely beautiful gorgeous woman inside and out ,not-offensive
2039,0, enthusiastic does not mean collusion or treasonous ,not-offensive
2040,0,      you have nothing you are isolating yourself from others and it is quite hilarious to watch. also if you were around for the idea of  anonymous years ago you would know it is in general about resistance. i do not support senseless violence actually i fought against antifa like you. ,not-offensive
2041,0,    well you are fabulous ,not-offensive
2042,1,     and guys like you are the fat yokels. ,offensive
2043,1,    he is dead. so you are a necrophiliac as well? good to know...you must suck at chess never mind 3 dimensional chess...you can not even think one move ahead let alone many...change your twitter handle to dumbaf not even ishface with rolling eyesface with rolling eyesface with rolling eyes ,offensive
2044,0, soulmate  life partner yellow heart yes madam she is!! ,not-offensive
2045,0,     so you agree that wecht should be impeached? yea you and your socialist antifa buddies decided to call mr dush’s office and abuse his staff and threaten others that cosponsored impeachment. law enforcement had to get involved! ,not-offensive
2046,1, deranged and demented what a perfect match for the democratic party ,offensive
2047,0, he knows he dosen't have much time left before he is brought down. ,not-offensive
2048,1, she is wortless why is she not checked out by secret service she is irresponsible in trying to generate hste to have somone kill thre president ,offensive
2049,0," i would have chose the headline why the left loves bernier"""" personally i could not be more delighted the most important thing in any election is to prevent conservatives from gaining power just look at ontario  for proof"""" ",not-offensive
2050,0,    what is your point here? I am a tx voter and i wholeheartedly support gun control. there were 0 school shootings in my childhood. i think it is because civilians could not easily get their hands on military grade weapons. our laws need to change ,not-offensive
2051,0,     looks less like she is getting  200 dinners a day and more like she is getting 200 dinners a day ,not-offensive
2052,1,antifa is a domestic terrorist organization that leeches off of george soros's money. they are a domestic terrorist organization that uses intimidation and violence to spread their ideology. ,offensive
2053,0, he is the biggest lsu hater I have ever heard  ,not-offensive
2054,0,   i get that she is a winner but she crosses the line in what is acceptable. ,not-offensive
2055,1, if we lose tomorrow we r fucked. tomorrow is our season lol. too tough a schedule to drop one like this ,offensive
2056,0,  a security specialist deflected to the conservatives? i do not know how to take this. ,not-offensive
2057,1,  rubio sat through a 2 hour town hall in february answering questions from the public about gun control from people whose friends and children had just been murdered. that takes more courage than grandstanding and lying in a stupid hearing. ,offensive
2058,1,        how blindly ignorant you are. shameful people with the deep thinking you lack can vote ,offensive
2059,1,   you are as cheap as cheap she is...try with bible and quran if you really have guts ,offensive
2060,0,  she was on the 81st floor of the north tower. she is an example of the fraud perpetrated by red cross.  they raised an enormous amount of money and then did not dispense it to those in need like this woman. ,not-offensive
2061,0, newyork  state  republicans and  conservatives  democrats who do not want cuomo need to  vote for  for  governor he is the best and sharpest choice. ,not-offensive
2062,1, just the fact that  stopkavanagh repeatedly attempted to block the abortion for an undocumented immigrant  which she wanted  tells me   he is unfit to serve on the supreme court.   we do not need a person who cherrypicks what laws will or will not be respected.   ,offensive
2063,0, what manga you reading? ,not-offensive
2064,1,  mine go drafts too.  stop this crap I am gathering proof your censoring conservatives ,offensive
2065,0, so we seek answers from the leadership of our country      that is this our new south africa. mr president if you are the leader of s.a you will surely make an example of them. we are tired. ,not-offensive
2066,0,          nope.  i lived in the middle of a country's civil war.  gunfire and all.  what i did see was antifa hitting the elderly and children passing by one of their rallies. ,not-offensive
2067,0,  no kidding! tell your sons to never be alone with a woman unless you are dating and even then protect yourself somehow...geez i do not know turn your recorder on. ,not-offensive
2068,1,    oh i thought you were the dream team minus sonja. really you are the mean disgusting team minus sonja. oh by the way dorinda leave sonja alone. you are so jealous of sonja. she is kind sweet and so much prettier than you.  get over it you drunk ,offensive
2069,1,   she is absolutely useless. everyone knows it except for her and the media. ,offensive
2070,0,". found"""" the average american by demographics. i found 118 things that the average american agrees on, from bill gates to gun control to driving skills.  ",not-offensive
2071,0,   they need to only ever see the sky from the safety of a hmp exercise yard ,not-offensive
2072,0, nobody wants a supergirl movie. the show is shitty enough. ,not-offensive
2073,0,   not to mention that jim seriously has a medical condition. what an sjw tactic to take. sargon seriously has become what antifa is . ,not-offensive
2074,1,  it takes a 2sec google search to see who this accuser is   I will help the mindless uneducated liberals . ,offensive
2075,0, and he said in america. heads up antifa.    your neck is about to be stepped on. ,not-offensive
2076,0," lol!!!  hysterical!!  please add the fact that she looks like she is actually dead"""""""" ",not-offensive
2077,0,"  what is a ten commandments?"""""""" ",not-offensive
2078,1,anti antifa is balls ,offensive
2079,0, forevaaaaaaaaaaa people with bunny ears partying‍female sign️ ,not-offensive
2080,0,  conservatives are notoriously gullible. i use wanted to make sure you knew. ,not-offensive
2081,0, lmfaooo imagineee but even if i did i would not say shit cos this fandom would go on fire ,not-offensive
2082,0,  laugh my ass off cry me a river you schmuck! we had to put up with ovomit for 8 long years! we kept our mouths shut and put our noses to the grind wheel!!!!! we did not riot and cry!!! grow up! ,not-offensive
2083,0,  real conservatives are stepping up. ,not-offensive
2084,0, face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy if i say you are mad now you will say I am tired of you. ,not-offensive
2085,0,  thank you iron lilies for very beatiful pics with harley davidson bikes this looks like an easy rider modified sportster ,not-offensive
2086,0, maybe... hmm... i do not know.... fix the music kit agressive mvp sound that plays at full volume even if its off in settings  I am typing in caps because i just went deaf after a whole team used that kit  ,not-offensive
2087,0,  james she is neck deep in her own confirmation bias she is unable to see logic and reason at this point. ,not-offensive
2088,1,  you align yourself with an organization that butchers babies for profit. than scream about the need for gun control and the violence against our children but somehow your ok with the butchering of 100s thousands of innocent defenseless babies every yr if it lines your pockets. ,offensive
2089,0,   this is what is driving conservatives crazy. a gop that will not stand against a dirty liberal mob.  wakeupstandupspeakup ,not-offensive
2090,1, rssreachesout  this one step by the rss can show the sense of nationalism it has when other urbannaxals are colluding with each other only to tear india apart.     are working so hard for the downfall of india. shame on liberals ,offensive
2091,0,  those two definitely could i agree and even last year tom threw for 500 and lost. one strip sack away from possibly driving down and doing what he does best which is win super bowls. it goes both ways though   tom is also a helmet catch away from winning another ring as well ,not-offensive
2092,1,"29.  listened to the liberals  democrats and their bed buddies in the msm demand transparency"""" from the    well, your about to get a yuge scoop of """"transparency"""" from him. like i said in the start of this thread  be careful what you wish for.   end. ",offensive
2093,0,stop sign bizpac review news stop sign   backhand index pointing right the priceless moment rachel maddow invokes bill clinton to ask hillary if kavanaugh will get due process      maga 🇺🇸 ￼￼ 2a  prolife ,not-offensive
2094,1, he is a child   a retarded one. ,offensive
2095,0," you act like that will not be fun for both of us.""""  she contemplates getting down, he is been gone for a few minutes and she is just standing on a chair like a weirdo.   just as she is about to get down she sees him walk through the door.   """"technically i only thought about it."""""""" ",not-offensive
2096,0,  why did not she save her grandfather in puerto rico if she had that kind of cash? because she is socialist. ,not-offensive
2097,0, olive love the pool at green beagle lodge when i am out of town! she is a good girl! ,not-offensive
2098,1, it is like saying you are pale! you live in the north pole! bitchass dipfuck ,offensive
2099,0,                  followed and retweeted. i follow all trump supporters. ,not-offensive
2100,0, science  ecology  health  nature the problem of the one and the many in gun control ,not-offensive
2101,0, bitter barack loves a free press as long as they were on his band wagon. ,not-offensive
2102,0,7y of  do you think i could jump that?   *gestures to a dead raccoon on road*   me  probably.   7y of successful jumps raccoon with her bike and I am super happy that she is kind of dead inside like me. ,not-offensive
2103,0, i miss you ,not-offensive
2104,0,        come out and disavow ws and the OK hand sign or else you are linked to charlottesville and trump. and do not say antifa is bad too... ,not-offensive
2105,1,   both do not support medicare for all    both voted against the dreamers    both voted for the racist police brutality bill    both voted to give donald trump and even larger military budget .    both did not do a thing on gun control    both voted for the racist payday loans bill ,offensive
2106,0,1st thing liberals and conservatives want to pass is the tpp trade deal via   cdnpoli  tpp  nafta ,not-offensive
2107,1,       gun control is racist. ,offensive
2108,1, who will abuse it the most  liberals or rinos? ,offensive
2109,1,  to justify his death to racists and bigots. they are excuse will be well he had weed so he is a criminal and deserved to be murdered. just wait till the excuses start. ,offensive
2110,0, oh no! hope you are okay. ,not-offensive
2111,1,  ciara has stopped me from doing so much dumb ass shit god bless that woman ,offensive
2112,0, tuesdaythoughts got a gut feeling twitter is now in the gunsights of the government and president trump for anti trust violations censoring and shaddowbanning conservatives     watch for big news coming out soon. ,not-offensive
2113,0,     you liberals always pull the race card... i see truth no matter what skin color!! they sold us all out! you would knowthat if you researched truth ,not-offensive
2114,0,***triggers the conservatives ,not-offensive
2115,0," step 1  approach the fascist from behind.""""  i see two problems with this, the first being that it would require the antifa member to recognize their own projection."""" ",not-offensive
2116,1,"    also cancel school debt"""" is the most stupid of all of her ideas. and far left idea of free college is bigoted idea. no wonder conservatives call us """"elitists"""". who is going to pay for technical trade schools 4 those who are not """"book smart""""?  crazy!"""" ",offensive
2117,1,  you are out of you damn mind! feinstinkle had this band then leaked it! she took a lie detector test and hired a lawyer last month! she is accusing a judge of a crime that is 35 years old with no proof! ruining a mans life over an accusation with no proof you stfu ,offensive
2118,0, you got this. whatever the problem you are strong enough to overcome it. it gets easier everyday. ,not-offensive
2119,0,keep texas red  cruz 🇺🇸 we are the maga campaign ,not-offensive
2120,0,"‘she is not in charge of the senate!’ watch megyn kelly unload on ford for demanding an fbi investigation""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
2121,0,  obama tried to cripple this nation! he lied and said he was a christian! when actually he is a radical muslim! ,not-offensive
2122,1,  i wonder which one is the democrat and which is the republican. the dude is now totally for gun control. face with tears of joy ,offensive
2123,0,            thank you for allowing me aboard!  proudly following all  maga  kag patriots 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
2124,0, and apparently serena’s cheating and temper tantrum was the only pathway to this endeavor. ,not-offensive
2125,0, why should she go? she is a whole person on her own. she can do her job regardless. ,not-offensive
2126,0,  liked trump but he is too scared from democrats. plus he is making millions making unprofessional short videos. its pretty much like looting the liberals but legally ,not-offensive
2127,0, .... that is... fine i guess...       by the way sammy what part of japan are you in?? would it be possible for us to hang out??? of  ,not-offensive
2128,0, brennan still has the sniffles over cecil the lion. ,not-offensive
2129,1, just censored the   qanon merchandise. really zazzle? meanwhile communism and antifa merch are allowed on your site. the constitution of the usa means nothing to you? well done.  time to take our merch elsewhere.  wwg1wga ,offensive
2130,0,                                         antifa is a terrorist organization not a lawful protest. trump needs to declare martial law and shut them down proper. ,not-offensive
2131,0,      thanks mum! ,not-offensive
2132,0, epic fail ,not-offensive
2133,0, you are so beautiful ,not-offensive
2134,0, awesome news ,not-offensive
2135,0,@ all the tana supporters that are saying she is innocent.   tana ,not-offensive
2136,0,  so what? we all have concerns on gun control but one man is not going to change our problem. it is much deeper than that. ,not-offensive
2137,1, gun control means using both hands. and in this case means acquiring the correct target. you can not fix stupid. ,offensive
2138,0,  after using your product for all these years now i find out you are actively twisting the political landscape with your immense power. that action has directly affected me.   you are attempting to damage me personally and i do not like it.    . . . or else. ,not-offensive
2139,0,  that is funny she says she is a mental health counselor yet has displayed the actions of a complete paranoid phycho! ,not-offensive
2140,1,10 restaurant diners fatally shot in corpus christi with .357 ruger blackhawk revolver. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,offensive
2141,0, it is said that artists who paint this way are showing how they truly see the world. well he is showing how him and all liberals see the world. ,not-offensive
2142,1, democrats and  liberals do not give a damn about  allegedly committing physical violence on his ex girlfriend but they all rush to discredit kavanaugh for a 35 year old “vague” 11th hour accusation.  walkaway  hypocrites ,offensive
2143,0,"  it says he is a political revolutionary for hire"""" but I am not seeing anything revolutionary in his think. maybe he meant revolting."""" ",not-offensive
2144,0,  access to healthcare improved infrastructure green jobs less pollution and poison in waterways civil rights gun control birth control  sounds like a pretty great plan to me! ,not-offensive
2145,0, that is a strange question to ask me because of course i love my sister!! I am her big brother! I am there to make sure she is safe and alive! ,not-offensive
2146,0," i doubt if he is afraid of france , but he is being hammered by the left here everyday.  we think it is france """" behind the genocide secretly for investments ? they sure are silent !!!  not the ordinary french people , the global elites and banks .  my guess is you will get help"""" ",not-offensive
2147,1,open borders will bring this to america! dems are brainless! vote red like your life depends on it because it does!  kag  maga ,offensive
2148,0,   because the accuser did not have time to delete all her radical leftist tweets by then. ,not-offensive
2149,0, he always shows dedication at what he does no wonder he is the best ,not-offensive
2150,0, so funny how the liberals can see this in others but not in themselves!!!! ,not-offensive
2151,0, apparently he had a photoshopped mustache as well! ,not-offensive
2152,0,   no school shootings in new zealand ever. suggest you do some research around countries that have unarmed police forces. their children and citizens are kept safe by strong gun control laws that are strictly enforced. ,not-offensive
2153,0,  apparently conservatives are now automatically guilty of any crime or assault that shows up from no where at the last possible minute. we are no longer presumed innocent until proven otherwise. ,not-offensive
2154,0,  no he is in some other world he dreamed of when he was on drugs in colledge ,not-offensive
2155,0, you are the best. purple heart ,not-offensive
2156,1, hillary clinton will be potus..oops! ,offensive
2157,0, this avi!!! who you think you are. ,not-offensive
2158,0, he needs that exact amount in hanging rope. ,not-offensive
2159,1,   please stick to bakersfield issues and resign from house leadership. you are illiterate in economics and the constitution and take too many bribes!  nospeakermccarthy I am for  ,offensive
2160,0, leftism  please conform to the groupthink of your designated interest or ethnic group. independent thought helps conservatives. ,not-offensive
2161,0,  people who fail to understand the second amendment's purpose is to protect a citizenry from a government takeover should not be talking about gun control ,not-offensive
2162,0, we love you mr president! miss you more then any other president that has been in office. you are a class act my friend. slightly smiling facekissing face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
2163,0,"  liberals love to hype the crouton as a financial genius, but much of his success"""" was due to downloading costs to the prov, raiding the ei surplus, etc. that said, you use the tools you have in the box, and i give him props as a decent steward of the public purse."""" ",not-offensive
2164,1,  this soros guy needs to be investigated. he is been kicked out of other nations and here his name keeps coming up with all these anti american groups. finances antifa. pays folks to act crazy at trump events. i know he is against our sovereignty. he hates our constitutional rights. ,offensive
2165,0,  I am afraid you are right. ,not-offensive
2166,0, absolutely false. we all know cp24 is with liberals. remember doug ford is trying to save tax payers’money ,not-offensive
2167,0,  was supposed to be monday ,not-offensive
2168,0, let us geaux tigers! prove yourselves you are worthy! show the nation ! tiger face ,not-offensive
2169,1,  any gun control is unconstitutional and you leftist fake news traitors keep lying to the people that is why your enemies of the people ,offensive
2170,0,             followed all new   maga.  please follow back. ,not-offensive
2171,1, let me nigga fish in peace damn ,offensive
2172,0, democrats continue to attack and smear conservatives. their latest victim  brett kavanaugh. this tactic is right out of saul alinsky playbook.    do not fall for it!!  confirmkavanaughnow    ,not-offensive
2173,0,  she loves sailor moon so of course she is ,not-offensive
2174,0,  absolutely no egos.  jericho could have told vince to f off he is not getting stunned but not only did he do it he sold it as well.  all the big guys took it on the chin when they had too that is what made it the good old days ,not-offensive
2175,1, bernie up to his lying face. you are not telling the whole truth.  walkawayfromdemocratsnow ,offensive
2176,0, based on what for god's sake ,not-offensive
2177,1,  fix this shit! ,offensive
2178,1, good lord this woman is a dipshit ! ,offensive
2179,1,  real shit ,offensive
2180,0,   really? he is the only president that has been so hands on when it comes to these catastrophes i do not see how he has time. obama and bush never did that. sorry dems......lose again. ,not-offensive
2181,0, good by football league will be direct football here the world comes.petition to stop any all federal aid to football nfl.the people will have the last word.we will bring entire league to their knees begging for forgiveness.america deserves respect.  ,not-offensive
2182,0," hey  michaelmoore .... have another hot fudge sunday cookie dough bacon fat pizza .....""""   walkaway  maga         ",not-offensive
2183,0, not at all!    ,not-offensive
2184,0, i protected her identity for privacy reasons ,not-offensive
2185,0, why did feinstein give grieving parkland gun control nut parent guttenburg a full pass to get to kavanaugh? it threw the body guard into full protection mode. guttenburg hates trump and kavanaugh and threatened on his site and blames them for his daughters death. ,not-offensive
2186,0,  i know how you feel stormy daniels because i used to be a dancer and a go go girl i have had 10 years under my belt and i know people like that pay under the table or be a hush money so you are not lying about what you doing people make excuses and they do not own up what they do ,not-offensive
2187,0, your segment with judicial watch tom fitton was awesome!  thank you for asking the questions highlighting all the great work he is doing for this country! ,not-offensive
2188,1,    ben is a terrible person that probably raped some people.  he is a vial human being in my book.    has nothing to do with his on the field play.  i do not like him personally. ,offensive
2189,0, face with tears of joyface with tears of joy exaggerating so much! you are appreciated. ,not-offensive
2190,1, i love that feeling that you get from going from blues to purples. the discovery of new sexy loot! ,offensive
2191,0, her face looks like they throw quarters ,not-offensive
2192,0,     only liberals can take an athlete berating an official and turn it into sexism and a sjw issue. liberals ruin everything by putting politics into everything. ,not-offensive
2193,0, thank god conservatives are not as dismissive. never hear to them resorting to calling people snowflakes or using terms like sjw to discredit people. ,not-offensive
2194,1,     that is why i am somewhat conflicted in talking shit or defending myself because there are so many very intelligent bright minds out there that have been held hostage by msm propaganda peddling. but uhave to read these documents and dive deep to know who funds antifa msm dnc etc ,offensive
2195,0, honestly some tales are just incredible to me I am surprised i did not think about them myself ,not-offensive
2196,1, got a feeling every time deep state complains  will punish them with more declass. they are going to pay for their sins! biglly! who needs a plan to dump 11k docs and round up crooks?   needs to geter done!  fnma  fmcc  fanniegate  endcorruption  lockthemallup  maga ,offensive
2197,0,  omg yeah the thing is that there can be a large range of price for the same item i once bought a bag for rm20+ but i also saw another shop selling it for rm60+ like wow ,not-offensive
2198,0,. should not be allowed to host  if he is going to let republicans go on and say any ole thing without mediation fact checks. he is a waste of breath. stick to counting votes  ,not-offensive
2199,0,  is not it wat left and liberals hve been doing in india ? ,not-offensive
2200,0, dig up frankie. save yourself. ,not-offensive
2201,0,                                         president trump will post a message 9 20 to our cell phones. prepping for internet social media block out. ,not-offensive
2202,0, did he do this right after that last statement?  asking for a friend. ,not-offensive
2203,0,   are you guys really still supporting the  party that suspended you all because you went into coalition with the   deary me talk about desperation to be noticed ,not-offensive
2204,0, could this be another trol post designed to get antifa to get themselves in trouble? ,not-offensive
2205,0, sleazy cnn afraid of trump gop but tough on liberals. ,not-offensive
2206,0,      it is wrong to let  metoo hysteria override ‘innocent until proven guilty’   but liberals are trying. ,not-offensive
2207,0, wow the guy who played the guy pitching a doggy product on modern family thinks he is the conscience of the nation. also can i get hamilton tickets? ,not-offensive
2208,0, he needs a long look in the mirror ,not-offensive
2209,0, antonio.... i believe in you. i will vote for you as will my family... that is not enough.  tell me what else i can do to help your campaign. our state is going down the drain and is on life support.  something must be done or the lunatic liberals will destroy ca. ,not-offensive
2210,1, fuck xenoblade chronicles ,offensive
2211,0,   that is right and do not you forget it. maga. oncoming fist ,not-offensive
2212,1,       lolololololololo are you kidding me. the antifa shows up at all protest to stop freedom of speech. open your eyes. where did the antifa come from democrats the snake party ,offensive
2213,0,  we need gun control! laughing out loud ,not-offensive
2214,0, i love lau she is the cutest do not @ me uwu  ,not-offensive
2215,1, who cares! he is a sick head! ,offensive
2216,1, should be thanking her lucky stars that she has never been sexually assaulted or raped when she was a 15 year old girl.  she could hardly deal with a little harassment from antifa.  nothinglower ,offensive
2217,0, credibly accused is a antifa mob dog whistle. we heard and we are cocked and loaded. ,not-offensive
2218,0, she is! ,not-offensive
2219,1,   would help them but he is in his own sunken place..     to the rescue ? ,offensive
2220,0,   i hope the voters of the uk will not forget what a shambles   and   have made of this. lack of leadership has left us in the doldrums and betrayed both those who voted leave and the rest of the uk.  brexitbritain ,not-offensive
2221,1, if the tournament of shit are not on here... ,offensive
2222,0, this sums up what is happening across the pond. it is what the  msm hides in america.   metoo   maga   kag2018 ,not-offensive
2223,0, if its a papercup where is the cake birthday cake ,not-offensive
2224,0,  did chuck think juanita broderick credible keith ellison’s girlfriend domestic abuse credible? the truth is chuck is a sh*t stirrer for a because. in this case  ruin a mans impeccable career embarrass his wife and daughters all in a sleazy days work. y?liberals destroy what do not like ,not-offensive
2225,0, love you endlessly ally revolving hearts  askally what should i do to help my mom while she is in hospital any advice ,not-offensive
2226,0, strength is letting go of the universe. you are not your thoughts. ,not-offensive
2227,1,  he is a pedo. ,offensive
2228,0,lyin  brettkavanaugh and his sexual assault accuser professor  christineblaseyford are willing to testify before senate committee.  stopkanavaugh  liesunderoath  savescotus  corruptgop  maga  nomanisabovethelaw  trumpisguilty  voteblue  voteblue2018 via  ,not-offensive
2229,1,  dolt. you have become another nail for hammer trump. ,offensive
2230,1,  found out the name but i forgot. ,offensive
2231,0, also yes he. is ,not-offensive
2232,0, he is the poster child for the gop ,not-offensive
2233,1,  he is such a con apparently finds are running lowsmirking face ,offensive
2234,0, you must be part of the new nazi party called antifa ,not-offensive
2235,1,  she does not remember her clothes or his clothes or the house or how she got there or what songs they were playing or what exact date. this is nothing but weaponizing me too with false accusations for ulterior motives. but if fiberals can defend  antifa terrorists this is nothing. ,offensive
2236,1, if someone is being too nice to you at happy hour and asking probing questions about what you do at pub citizen....make sure to troll them and say you are with antifa or something. ,offensive
2237,1, of course it does. but they were not interested to him. domestic abuse is still domestic abuse. so i hope you did not use this fake rumor just to shit on the habs and that you actually care about domestic abuse. ,offensive
2238,0, absolutely not.   should stop  thedreamact immediately.  buildthatwall  enddaca ,not-offensive
2239,1,a bitch is complaining to corporate about me in our lobby lmaooo ,offensive
2240,0, gun control has no correlation to homicide rates. london  guns are illegal  has a higher murder rate than new york  guns are legal . read this  ,not-offensive
2241,0, goodluck! you are my bet !  emmys ,not-offensive
2242,0, ........thank god it was not a mosque !! ,not-offensive
2243,0, hi i am tim kaine and this is my criminal antifa sonthumbs up ,not-offensive
2244,0, a massive tool ,not-offensive
2245,0,   you are so beautiful♡ ,not-offensive
2246,0,🇺🇸 vote like your life depends on it ... because it really does !!! 🇺🇸  drainthedeepstate  maga ,not-offensive
2247,0,  you are the epitome of class and intelligence.red heart️ ,not-offensive
2248,0, you have done the needful and sincerely you are going higher as you can be trusted. you have proven that integrity is foremost. all the best pretty kemi. ,not-offensive
2249,0, definitely not as a democracy because its a constitutional republic!! ,not-offensive
2250,0, but where is antifa going to shop now? ,not-offensive
2251,1, yes i am so tired of relying on mfs to answer the phone for some shit that is not even worth it! I am about to be the new plug face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
2252,1, face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy you are delusional ,offensive
2253,1,  sleazy and greasy!!! ,offensive
2254,0, ontario liberal mp leona alleslev is using you to jump the queue.  the faithful back benchers are probably furious and should join the liberals in protest. ,not-offensive
2255,0,"  ,   asks, how deez taste?"""""""" ",not-offensive
2256,1, it really is unbelievable that he feels it is ok to call citizens worse than deplorable. he is nuts. no wonder ppl are running to reps. he obviously thinks he is way better than us. time to go away mr. biden! ,offensive
2257,0,great tweet! please retweet!  patriots  deplorables       walkawayfromdemocrats  backtheblue  rapistdemocrats  frauddemocrats  maga ,not-offensive
2258,0, dan rather supplied her with unimpeachable documentation and she is just waiting for snopes to verify it for her. ,not-offensive
2259,0,        already many common sense laws on the books. common sense also calls for holding people accountable when they fail miserably like they did at parkland. left always wants to blame gun owners just to push for more gun control rather than being honest about it. ,not-offensive
2260,0,  do not be surprised when libertarians win in local and state levels. people are getting sick and tired of both sides with empty promises. ,not-offensive
2261,0,"  the conservatives and evangelicals I am sure, you know the pro lifers"""""""" ",not-offensive
2262,1,i love it when a plan comes together smiling face️  maga  nexit ,offensive
2263,1, she is a courageous intelligent woman who knows the crap that people will say   she is standing up to some evil and powerful and ruthless men who will stop at nothing to destroy her and her testimony ,offensive
2264,0, amen. he is. ,not-offensive
2265,0, ironicnews   conservatives who complain  liberals go  pantsonfire about  trumppocalypse am now  mad at  obama for something him not said. ,not-offensive
2266,1,  maga their podcastful is about blockchainful. but it'sful about what it meansful to bewise working mothersful who are trying to makewise... ,offensive
2267,0, I am astounded that conservatives hold her up as some kind of intellectual.  what a failure. ,not-offensive
2268,0, laughing out loud it is funny because it is like gun control....it does not work ,not-offensive
2269,1, sad part is she knows she is sick... she knows what she is doing.. she has been a crook all her life... she is a very sick woman.. god have mercy of her soul.. ,offensive
2270,1, he is such a piece of shit ,offensive
2271,0,  face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joythumbs upOK hand that is a good one. i never knew antifa were such badasses.face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joythumbs up you need your own comedy special rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
2272,1,  they on their bullshit ,offensive
2273,0,  i believe he is doing great with the  is finding out how hard it is to actually work with a team that can not cheat and get away with it...what a terrible place to find that out...the a hole of america ,not-offensive
2274,0, antifa is expressly anti nazi. is nunes identifying with nazis? ,not-offensive
2275,0,   this crossing proves very little. it only goes to show many are disgruntled with the lack of leadership of  .. but understand mr. scheer there are many conservatives disgruntled with your lack of vision and leadership. hence   cdnpoli ,not-offensive
2276,1, they just need to go away. no one wants to see them in the media advocating for gun control. it is unseemly. ,offensive
2277,0," face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy her rights of threatening to destroy the lives and careers of some teens through her connections"""" when they made a meme on her. in india too, only leftists, liberals and islamists have foe. rest all is hate speech."""" ",not-offensive
2278,0, trying to smoke out followers that are also antifa?  shrewd. ,not-offensive
2279,0, ...the kind of repulsive projections usually reflect back on the source  be careful in what one deems appropriate for others lest it is applied equally to oneself... ,not-offensive
2280,0,getting ready to disavow some toxic backlinks... thank you  bing!  usa🇺🇸  maga  usa ,not-offensive
2281,0, you are so sweet! thank you for spreading love into her tml sparkling heart ,not-offensive
2282,0, roeselare  conservatives this is just wrong. what is wrong with the left. ,not-offensive
2283,0,  who ever supported this guy? you know they can never be trusted. ,not-offensive
2284,1, the truth for the gun control anti 2a ,offensive
2285,1, he is speaking to the best of the best  with utter disrespect     our law enforcement ice agents  all first responders  low middle and high class of all races and religions   disagree mr  creepyjoebiden  gravy train is over punk!   joedonttouchsomuch biden dirty hand joe ,offensive
2286,0,  good for you matt!  common sense.  maga 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
2287,1, chuck is a “ duck !” ,offensive
2288,0, luckily you are in one of the safest  seats. it allows you to be flippant dismissive when it comes to opposing views. still not heard a cohesive alternative plan from you though...  brexitshambles ,not-offensive
2289,1,laughing out loud     ted cruz thinks  texas voters are stupid.  says beto of'rourke will ban barbeque from the state of texas.   resist    maga     ridiculous   ,offensive
2290,1, democrats continually prove how crazy they are... ,offensive
2291,1, i neither side with the klan nor antifa.  i stay out of family squabbles. dems can clean up their own bastard children.  perhaps you could clarify how i do t support the 14th. ,offensive
2292,0, can i pick which one? ,not-offensive
2293,0," like all conservatives,  lies. either that or druggy was stoned and not really present""""."""" ",not-offensive
2294,0, you are doing copy paste of the tweets of south park twitter... there are something weird on here thinking facethinking facethinking face ,not-offensive
2295,0,       laura ingraham who followed the russian infiltrated nra's order to attack parkland victims  who decided to vociferously advocate gun control  and who at the time was vying for kellyanne *gag* conway's position ,not-offensive
2296,0, sorry for so much bs to get to this but here is the article i read ,not-offensive
2297,1,  looks like he is urinating in the water ,offensive
2298,1,   please stop calling the losers “elite” ,offensive
2299,0,                                                 false rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
2300,1, gun control   no guns if you are a liberal!!rolling on the floor laughingwhat an idiot... ,offensive
2301,1, uk govt non announcements are the only consistant and affordable policy under labour or conservatives for decades. designed for a soundbite. no immediate resource required. never likely to ever be implemented. its propoganda but sadly it has its desired effect. ,offensive
2302,0, liberals making life unaffordable by taxation ,not-offensive
2303,0, hey spartacus you forget about admitting doing the same thing that you and the liberals are accusing kavanaugh? time for you to resign spartacus. or is this more of you living the liberal mantra of “do as we say not as we do “ ,not-offensive
2304,0,  is there an aluminum pole anywhere to be seen? ,not-offensive
2305,0,   not crazy but given she is my wife i feel unqualified to give an unbiased answer laughing out loud ,not-offensive
2306,1, if you are not sure then l will block all these useless tweets. ok ? ,offensive
2307,1, yes do hurt your selves gun control freaks. ,offensive
2308,0,    if you are running a top 3 offense every year and still get fired from pitt there are concerns. as talented as he is players do not like playing for him you have to have balance can not be in your face 24 7 ,not-offensive
2309,0,    he is running the team the way preller tells him to ,not-offensive
2310,1,   gun control  mgk diss  via   fucking new them would not let the shit slide he was playin wit da kid  ,offensive
2311,0,"  so  is a bjp leaning intellectual"""" but so called liberals are not congress leaning """"intellectual"""" and you are definitely not congress karyakarta...."""" ",not-offensive
2312,1, farright  psychopath   leader  will now use the  invisible  press  created  catkiller as  excuse to bring back  foxhunting if she is not gone by  christmas  animalcruelty  toriesout  noconfidence  crimesyndicate  ge2018  criminalsoutofnumber10 ,offensive
2313,1,  then why the fuck did they elect him ,offensive
2314,0,    watch this please! james and gavin discuss antifa  resistance actually in the doj  using their positions to target specific americans ,not-offensive
2315,1, i am fucking sad also this gif is art ,offensive
2316,0, do the dems ask for gun control in chicago? ,not-offensive
2317,0,... ammunition is in many states easier to buy than cold medicine...'   california tries new tack on gun violence  bullet control ,not-offensive
2318,0, flake....well named. ,not-offensive
2319,0, grow a pair. m ,not-offensive
2320,0,"   hate to say it, but you got your sides mixed up. how many people have been beaten up, killed, etc by far right radicals"""". on the other hand, antifa, black lives matter, etc?"""" ",not-offensive
2321,0, she is perfect!! revolving heartstwo heartsrevolving hearts love you both! ,not-offensive
2322,1, what does a snot nose 18 year old kid know? he is just a loud mouth immature punk who the media has placed on a pedestal using to promote gun control. he is fed tag lines to spark controversy in order to bring attention to the gun control debate that he knows nothing about. ,offensive
2323,1, he is not qualified to be a politician and that is why i voted for him how can anyone believe the failing democratic party as all thier agenda is to discredit a successful president and economy also here is the idiot that gave iran millions to support terrorist ,offensive
2324,0,  same kamau bell who spoke to antifa and helped incite them to riot a year ago? ,not-offensive
2325,1, 2020 election season   trump  my dick is the most magnificent dick. just tremendous.   leftists  prove it you russian puppet!  trump  *whips dick out in fit of senility*  conservatives  *vote trump to victory* ,offensive
2326,1,"    kate, gun safety"""" is just a code word for gun control. there is not anything """"safe"""" about gun control. it just limits law abiding citizens. law breakers ignore all laws. wake up! you folks in mn need to get off the liberal wagon. vote for patriots only ... vote red! latin crossStatue of Libertylocomotiveanchor🇺🇸"""" ",offensive
2327,0,1 year ago today cherry oakwood radio hostess went home to be with god. she is… ,not-offensive
2328,1, i was more sad about how many liberals seem to love firing shots at allies. i saw it in 2016 with bernie sanders supporters calling me an uncle tom for supporting hillary.  i made the same argument then and now. no shade and hopefully you do not block me. i respect your opinion ,offensive
2329,1,  bitch shut up he building his self esteem ,offensive
2330,0,           what role does gun control play on school safety? ,not-offensive
2331,1, hey ladies watch you on saturday nights with jesse keep up the good work and your right about jon voight he is a gods man and bless his heart for standing up for the president mean evil people out their who are mad and dangerous we all want hope and change for america ,offensive
2332,0, westminster   tories    brexit 🇬🇧   brexiteers   exactly why the  uk is getting  outoftheeu ffs angry face  hungary tries to defend its borders and the  tyrannical  eu  dictatorship stamps down hard angry face  thirdreich angry faceangry face ,not-offensive
2333,1, all that money had not made you smarter. ,offensive
2334,1, is that some weird invitation for a treasure hunt where the goal is to find his old “deadname”? is it because he feels the need to prove that he is trans? or because ppl did not care about it enough? either way I am not going to join unamused face ,offensive
2335,1,"  you can not be this dense. the point is the same   you can not presume someone is guilty just because they are part of a group that is a popular target.  for southern whites in the 40s, it was black men. for modern liberals, it is conservative white men. they are the devil""""."""" ",offensive
2336,0,  what really pisses me off about asians in california voting for more gun control is that many should know better especially koreans in la. they all knew someone who had their businesses destroyed during the riots. at least this salty boi has not forgotten  ,not-offensive
2337,1, because who bitches be playing with loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face god are not give me the gift for nothing ,offensive
2338,0, how taser works? ,not-offensive
2339,1, cnn is trash and everyone that has a brain knows it! ,offensive
2340,0, she is the scuttlebutt queen ,not-offensive
2341,0, do not be  europe ,not-offensive
2342,0,  he is a show boat with nothing to show for it. ,not-offensive
2343,0,                                     let us roll  maga patriots!  add ten of your favorite patriots                   ,not-offensive
2344,0, containers of hurricane donations found rotting in puerto rico parking lot ,not-offensive
2345,0,  she is going to be voted out in november!  their hateful party is toast! ,not-offensive
2346,1, but really....well hold on. let me go comment on some girls photo with her boobs hangin out. upside down face ,offensive
2347,0,   *extremistische idee ,not-offensive
2348,0, nothing. he is already showed you who he is. 9 10 he is not going to change. and you need to leave. because by staying you are showing him that you are excepting him as he is and that he does not need to change. ,not-offensive
2349,0,  as fat as he is president trump will be the last president moore ever see's ,not-offensive
2350,0,  crying babies !!! ,not-offensive
2351,0,                                                  aum rand really ? there are few people hat i ostensivly dislike she is definitely up there.. she actively encourages vice. also science is kind of the product of skepticism so that makes no sense. ,not-offensive
2352,1, guilty old perv ,offensive
2353,0, you do when you are disconnected of social networks?  askally ,not-offensive
2354,0, going about it the wrong way ,not-offensive
2355,0,  what? i have no clue what you are trying to say. I am certainly no trump supporter ffs. just rational face with tears of joy  keep on keeping on with whatever it is you are trying to achieve. ,not-offensive
2356,0, my goodness you are a goddess yellow heart ,not-offensive
2357,0,  call the gun control in oregon is prohibited on the state and federal level. ,not-offensive
2358,1, right..? total ocd right there laughing out loud yeah...totally going to floss that sucker off. ,offensive
2359,1, why of course. liberals reject truth and accept falsehoods. that is why they do not believe kanaugh and believe ellison. ,offensive
2360,1,  holy shit pt 2 ,offensive
2361,0, serena not upset for losing. she is upset because penalty given the her that men’s tennis does same action but not penalized. ,not-offensive
2362,0,  this is super underrated ,not-offensive
2363,0, you 2see no evil monkeyhear no evil monkey should do research re gun control psy ops aka schoolpistols.  ,not-offensive
2364,0,   completely agree with this the conservative government has cut taxes for the lowest earners but by making tax fair has increased tax receipts   ,not-offensive
2365,0,"     *sigh*  you are not an intelligent person.  i am highlighting the variance in the use of far right"""" and """"far left"""". that is all i am doing. anything else you now fail to understand is your own fault."""" ",not-offensive
2366,1,  we have been saved from you! maga! ,offensive
2367,1, metoomovement has become a far left liberal political machine ran by feminist hacks that hate all men and conservatives.  trump  maga  kavanaughconfirmationhearings ,offensive
2368,0, 'why people who are a particular leaning?'   this implies that there is a specific effort against conservatives which i have not seen any actual evidence of.  presidential tweets and cherry picking tweets do not count  ,not-offensive
2369,0, presenting her new work on how social psychologists should challenge our perspective on the differences between conservatives and liberals at  dgps2018 ,not-offensive
2370,1, yea your the bitch on the right getting smacked ,offensive
2371,1,  this is the most consistently stupid argument gun control advocates make. ,offensive
2372,1, because gutierrez is corrupt and so are the unions there. ,offensive
2373,1,  antifa displays hate on those they disagree with...you are being hypocritical! ,offensive
2374,0, harley is the right choice for public education. he is the right choice at the right time for orange county.  rouda is a moderate..pro business...pro family...and the only one who is pro american. ,not-offensive
2375,0, thank you jourdan!!! and hayley is yours face with steam from nose she is literally in my dms as we speak and still has not wished me happy birthday. fake mom ,not-offensive
2376,0, this is an excellent way for antifa members to take the room temperature challenge. ,not-offensive
2377,0, also he supports antifa ,not-offensive
2378,0,"    please source the video where these antifa"""" where violent towards you. let us see your sources."""" ",not-offensive
2379,0,  and antifa is pissed they were not invited !!!!!!! ,not-offensive
2380,0, drew carry is a piece of canadian s  “ ,not-offensive
2381,1,    now comes the pain...........   maga🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸   wwg1wga ,offensive
2382,0, why only a fact checking tweet for a democrat?  i would expect these tweets for all political candidates?  or does the ap only do this for liberals? ,not-offensive
2383,1, die bitch ,offensive
2384,0,  if you want societal dregs   take a look at  antifa ,not-offensive
2385,0, tennessee  conservatives  rnrtn  2adefenders  republicans  prolifegen  tngop  libertarians  prolife  gaytriots  rnr  ccot are you doing your part to grow?  are you registering voters?  planned parenthood is. pause. think about that .  it speaks volumes.  ,not-offensive
2386,0,"... the liberal's ... tendency to deal with opponents by epithet rather than argument, and ... worst of all ... the liberals have left themselves open to the cruel joke that says they love humanity but hate people.""""    richard cornuelle, reclaiming the american dream  1965 , 9."""" ",not-offensive
2387,1, beto is for gun control!!! in texas that do not hunt. he is a liberal just like picante sauce from new jerseyface with stuck out tongue   winking eye   remember the alamo!  keep texas red 🇺🇸 ,offensive
2388,1, she does not want to go to jail for lying to a senate committee. she has had no crime committed on her and is a leftest activist trying to stall his confirmation. a nutty professor that i believe is a closet antifa member pd by soros. ,offensive
2389,1, mon « bye bitches » suffisait ,offensive
2390,0,   he is duel citizen ok. ,not-offensive
2391,0,   how is what she is doin g patriotic?  i mean—you are basically saying it is a political act against the nominee. like—she waited to come forward until it would because max damage...I am not saying she is lying at all...but what you are saying is crazy. ,not-offensive
2392,0, you are such a great friend. ,not-offensive
2393,1, another crazy liberals ,offensive
2394,0,  the idea that his 20 year old dwi should somehow exclude him from the gun control debate is just... ...i do not know. what is it exactly? ,not-offensive
2395,1, he is not a troll he is simply dumb but I am enjoying it i love tweeter for this rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
2396,0, if you look it up it will tell you how they did the study he is right ,not-offensive
2397,1,  so victoria's secret will not sponsor trump any more. i hope they realize how much of their crap trump has sold for them to antifa! ,offensive
2398,0,"   except it is not a government entitlement program"""".  for somebody who claims to """"troll liberals with facts and logic"""", you sure are using a lot of hyperbole and an appeal to emotion there."""" ",not-offensive
2399,0, i mean if he is willing to move up for canelo. then i want to see him vs a charlo or hurd then ,not-offensive
2400,0,   withdraw. trump has a whole list of conservatives to pick from. ,not-offensive
2401,1, things are definitely fucked up when you need to state the obvious like this. conservatives are needed just like liberals are needed. one without the other is faulty. ,offensive
2402,0, i think she is lying ,not-offensive
2403,0, dang do his nc fans that pay the salaries know this 🤫🤫rolling on the floor laughingface with stuck out tongue   winking eyeface with stuck out tongue   winking eyeface with stuck out tongue   winking eye ,not-offensive
2404,1," this message is also going to get antifa members killed   if the open carry nuts"""" feel someone is trying to kill them by taking their gun, they will defend themselves   and will probably not face jail. whereas someone actively """"stealing"""" a gun will."""" ",offensive
2405,0,  she is said before that she will always be praying for him even tho she can not do anything. I am sure she is heart broken as well at the events ,not-offensive
2406,0," this is not the will of the people, since you did not ever mention your intention during your campaign except the vague reduce the size of government"""" which we al interpreted as provincial government. you can bet your ass we are not going to forget this"""" ",not-offensive
2407,0, —faints—. ,not-offensive
2408,0, is way too good to be out of the  nfl. he is better than quite a few starters in the league and better than all of the 2nd and 3rd string qb's in the league.  givekapachance  imwithkap ,not-offensive
2409,0,you are going to be so surprised when you find out what stealth  has been up to... he is doing us good joe.   maga   qanon  trdj  wwg1wga ,not-offensive
2410,1, cnn is evil.  a true enemy of the people.  i can not believe there are people who still take them seriously. ,offensive
2411,0, they owe the christian conservatives and the koch bros. this nomination.  this specific nomination.  for a reason. ,not-offensive
2412,0,  now you understand why conservatives fear expressing their true beliefs. if you do not buy into the dominant liberal narrative about social issues you become persona non grata. ask james damore. ,not-offensive
2413,0, you are not pretty face blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
2414,0,  if you look at his antifa list....you will note many high profile names. i intend to comment on these accounts using his twitter account name...just to inform. .....he is aware i have reported him to twitter...he sent an angry tweet my way. ,not-offensive
2415,0, radicalism? seriously? let us see your so called resist movement gave birth to antifa thugs who run around trying to sow chaos and stifle free speech!  has created a dialogue in this country that addresses the division and corruption already plaguing this country. ,not-offensive
2416,0, this not not antifa....it is a bunch of cry babies in toronto. ,not-offensive
2417,0,                                                  a visit to the dc holocaust museum revealed hitler won by 43  of the popular vote and 32  of the seats. he also used the schutzstaffel  ss  to intimidate his opponents reminding one of the antifa thugs we have today. hitler also got the muslims on his side. uncanny. ,not-offensive
2418,1,   you think it is just antifa who stands up against fascists? all decent people will. look through history. the flabby bigots will run with their tails between their legs like that always do. ,offensive
2419,0,  wherever you are in your journey try your best to appreciate even if it is not where you want to be. every season serves a purpose.   @ putrajaya ,not-offensive
2420,0, “yeah we got everything sorted that needed to be sorted” she is still only taking small sips of her wine unusual for emily but she guessed jj would not profile her ,not-offensive
2421,0,"          why are all obama's records sealed if he had the most transparent"""" administration in history? does not sound transparent to me.  maga"""" ",not-offensive
2422,0,  i hear he is having an mei on his knee due to the pressure exerted.  laughing out loud ,not-offensive
2423,1, the liberals are mentally unstable!! ,offensive
2424,0,  because I have never been insulted by conservatives... ahahaha ,not-offensive
2425,1, and they say russia is the hackers.. hmmm... ,offensive
2426,0,  looks like a perfect illustration of gun control.   letsgoshooting ,not-offensive
2427,1,    is not it great how liberals ignore the pain of their victims because they are democrats.  it is really sick. ,offensive
2428,0, you are an inspiration to us all. ,not-offensive
2429,0, how about as a republic? ,not-offensive
2430,0," ibelievechristine and stand behind her bravery, which makes her a target of cruel and hideous conservatives"""" who will do anything to get  kavanaugh on the sc.  womenarewatching this are not 1991, fellas!  votethemout ",not-offensive
2431,0, it is mind boggling to me that some people swear that trudeau and co. are marxists  !!  and not just your standard  liberals canada is v well acquainted with ,not-offensive
2432,1,  she is a horrible at her job...maybe that is why her career is dying... ,offensive
2433,0,  not to mention the outrageous amount of taxpayer dollars spent on her for this taxpayers funded 'unprecedented' armed protection for gun control sen. kamala harris | breitbart via  ,not-offensive
2434,1,   they had conservatives silently tied up in the cellar for dexades. they are livid we got out and now have a voice in the white house ascend they want to put us back. they are trying to silence us any way possible. we need to burn them all in the midterms. once and for all ,offensive
2435,0,   oh it is ok if they are liberals....had not you heard pouting face ,not-offensive
2436,0, bet she is headed to the view!!! ,not-offensive
2437,0, jajaja too funny. i have never heard  ever speak bad about antifa. time to denounce them now. ,not-offensive
2438,0, she said she is half eastern orthodox... so i dunno... an opportunity to educate myself ,not-offensive
2439,1, who does not support her? better question is why in hell would i believe someone when liberals are lying 24 7? shit a california professor recently attacked a man with a lock in a sock... how many women have faked attacks on them sense the election? ,offensive
2440,1,  talk about the pot calling the kettle black... you should be ashamed of your cash payoffs to iran and of you helping iran to become a necular power. it would be better if you just set your sales and gave us all a big wave goodby.  will clean up your mess. ,offensive
2441,1, she is a republican hypocrite! ,offensive
2442,0,  yay   awesome 🇺🇸heart suit️smiling face with sunglassesbackhand index pointing leftthumbs upmaga🇺🇸heart suit️🇺🇸reppowervoteheart suit️🇺🇸strengthened by powerprayers🇺🇸thumbs upred tsunamiheart suit️ ,not-offensive
2443,1,  hire american you pieces of trash!!!!! please!!!!!! and stop banning conservatives on your platforms please!!!! ,offensive
2444,0,  yes you are very wrong ,not-offensive
2445,1, but antifa are only anti fascist  romney told me so  she would not throw a brick at you unless you were a na... anguished face ,offensive
2446,0, how is that gun control working out? ,not-offensive
2447,1,   there are thousands apon thousands of videos on youtube alone of antifa attacking people just for being at trump rallies or republican events. this is not happening anywhere to democrats. this is on a widespread scale and people like you try to lie and obfuscate to cover them ,offensive
2448,0, they know this is not admissible so they are attempting to contaminate the jury. they are working overtime to ensure she is found not guilty... ,not-offensive
2449,1,  this is the only acceptable way to end sex ,offensive
2450,0,trump... an I have league billionaire and negotiator extraordinaire!! january..  resister !! thinking face I will take trump!!!  maga  trump2020 ,not-offensive
2451,0,  the right to protest. protesting during the anthem causes people to not even recognize what he is protesting nobody's even talking about the issue just the fact that he is kneeling during the anthem which is counterproductive ,not-offensive
2452,0,6 people are dead after shooting spree in california ....and lord forbid we should talk about common sense gun control measures...oh no!!! face screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fearface screaming in fear ,not-offensive
2453,0,   shows that  liberals are very decent people thumbs upthumbs upthumbs upclapping handsclapping handsclapping hands ,not-offensive
2454,0,   using free speech to be idiots and such but just like other rallies counter protesters showed up armed and willing to engage with kkk who also came armed again 2 wrongs do not make a right and groups like antifa stated they want shutdown free speech anyway possible ,not-offensive
2455,1, stay well clear. she is unhinged. ,offensive
2456,0,thanks god!  maga ,not-offensive
2457,0, zim is?  if he is than what is that make peyton?  lol. ,not-offensive
2458,1,    you are a boring individual. its seems good too me ,offensive
2459,1, creepy old pedo desperately trying to be relevant. just an old guy from the old world which trump has shattered. ,offensive
2460,0,         what if you wanting gun control offended me? should you be fined? ,not-offensive
2461,0,          he is not wrong! ,not-offensive
2462,0,  thank you  ,not-offensive
2463,0, all it needs is warm beer and I would be back in college. ,not-offensive
2464,0,  is not he married?  where is his wife? ,not-offensive
2465,1,  well they will start banishing all acct's for promoting fb gave  brandon a 30 day z jail time. I am sure tomorrow apple jacks will do it too. let us all just do it and see how many conservatives and  walkawaymarch er's they shut down.poof fb begone ,offensive
2466,1, keemstar said he is not paying he just wanted his sever on rust popin i said pay him or the ooks will come for you on rustface with tears of joy ,offensive
2467,0,   antifa  gets a pass? ,not-offensive
2468,0,"...by accepting the premise that government can and should solve all of life’s problems, conservatives and republicans... get into a 'bidding war' with progressives and democrats."""" the libertarian party is the only party that truly wants less government.  ",not-offensive
2469,0, so the young conservatives you know are also the ones who never had the focus to power through order of the phoenix and its too many pages of harry's teen angst.  ,not-offensive
2470,0, qanon  greatawakening  awake yet?? it was a setup from the beginning... and most liberals know it..   they just do not have the morals to accept it!!  ,not-offensive
2471,1, so she can not be effected by the radiation but killed. i hope he mentions lady gaga witch. since she is the only known immortal witch and supreme ,offensive
2472,0, his jewels have their own gravitational field!🛸 ,not-offensive
2473,0,actions   h.r.610   115th congress  2017 2018   to distribute federal funds for elementary and secondary education in the form    evil  greedy  hateful  pigs  education  maga  betsydevos ,not-offensive
2474,1,  rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing deep throat ,offensive
2475,0,   we could help if you are london based smiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
2476,0, follback ,not-offensive
2477,0,    we are here for q and the revolution.  do not allow the shiny objects to divide.  take a step back and look at all of it from that way.   maga  wethepeople. ,not-offensive
2478,1,  trump has no interest in caring the safety of the country.  he does not care about gun control.  so far with all the shooting in the country.  he does not care... he is a selfish person.  everything is about him ,offensive
2479,0,       i can assure you i have no delusion that he is god  little 'g'  like. ,not-offensive
2480,0, that is because he is a quack ,not-offensive
2481,1, and if you are in antifa you are one of them shit for brains. here worship your queen she needs her toe cheese licked out. ,offensive
2482,1,  that is the same old crap spewed by the liberals  msm . they are disgusting! ,offensive
2483,1, this is like when shitty restaurants advertise their “voted  1 world famous crabcakes” but nobody can tell you who voted and nobody who lives outside a 10 mile radius has ever actually eaten there. ,offensive
2484,0,      you are a child. do not even talk to me. lmao. ,not-offensive
2485,1, going to be a bitch to re write this one. ,offensive
2486,1, colored people should vote! what color is she referring to? I am white and bright! white is a color. next racial dividing statement ms obama. ,offensive
2487,0,her dog ate it.  votered2018  novoterfraud  nocaliforniademocrats  buildthewall  nosanctuarycities  nosafespaces  nohomelesscitizen  noamnesty  nopelosi  nowaters  noharris  nonewsom  noschiff  nolieu  nofeinstien  novoterfraud  walkaway  patriotsunited  maga  pardonmyfrench ,not-offensive
2488,1, ... is 100  correct and should be applauded for criticizing our inept and corrupt president   not denounced for it.....            ,offensive
2489,0, i still want yo know when you are doing stairway to heaven. rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
2490,0, I am jackie  she is a great character to be to be honest ,not-offensive
2491,0, she is one of our greatest so you be thrown under the bus for that bad judgment. ,not-offensive
2492,0, oooohohohohohoh you are in for a wild ride! ,not-offensive
2493,0, he uses common sense ,not-offensive
2494,0,"      arms"""" were are to be regulated by law—those regulations aimed at near universal armament training with contemporary military grade design """"arms"""" personally owned possessed and kept in the home—by """"the people""""  2a that is constitutional """"gun control""""."""" ",not-offensive
2495,0, i am a democrat. many do. i believe in gun control. gun safety. but i believe in the 2nd amendment ,not-offensive
2496,0,  go back to alpha.  sara will report more today.  omega is coming.  truth.  trust the plan.  maga ... we are the plan = truth. ,not-offensive
2497,0,   have you all seen this from antifa about disarming people in open carry states? ,not-offensive
2498,0, could not care less about either one of them. ,not-offensive
2499,1, why no witnesses? she reported it at the time! it is obvious the truth is not your priority. there are other qualified conservatives judges. why push him? is it because your “president” is in legal jeopardy and this judge believes a sitting potus is untouchable? ,offensive
2500,0,    i think you made those liberals upset ,not-offensive
2501,0," this man is one of the most intelligent highly accomplished black men in the usa yet, white liberals and the old order""""  his words  have been successfully able to have him disowned by his own people. no black child looks up to this man for inspiration because to them he does not exist ",not-offensive
2502,1, shit!! i left a little bit ago to get food but if you are still there I will drop down with all the paper your heart desires! ,offensive
2503,0,here is a fun fact trump's approval ratings in texas have gone up 4 percent from february to june   maga ,not-offensive
2504,0, another low life coming out of the wood work! ,not-offensive
2505,0, a woman who assisted in the rape of a child should never see freedom. period! ,not-offensive
2506,0,    so where are all the british builders then? ,not-offensive
2507,0,                                           grandmom anon here...face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
2508,0,  no clue where you get those numbers. we are the only country in the world with mass shootings and staggering death tolls from gun violence. how anyone is against gun control defies logic. ,not-offensive
2509,1, he is still eating and talking about p**sy on carter v. trust me ,offensive
2510,1, although i think that carter was a decent man he was without a doubt the 2nd worst president in my voting history.    44 was the worst if there was any question. ,offensive
2511,0, a positive note! ,not-offensive
2512,1, crazy people do not care what they use. i suppose you leftist who says to bad it was not a gun. sounds like you are disappointed he did not. that way you can scream gun control. ,offensive
2513,1,  bitch please. you commie dems are the ones riding hell bent for leather to destroy democracy and the republic. ,offensive
2514,0,"  love it that she is willing to pay the price""""...that someone else will pay. liberals are insane"""" ",not-offensive
2515,1, low life bitches ,offensive
2516,0, she is better than everyone at everything because she is a literal angel who can do no wrong ,not-offensive
2517,0, hi hopefully you are now on board as one has passed through. i do apologies for the delay. we have experienced heavy delays across most services passing through st albans due to roadworks. apologies for the delayed response. ,not-offensive
2518,0, ulster unionists care nothing for conservatives whom reciprocate in kind. a terrible partnership where true leadership and negotiation was needed. irish border if hardened will result in lives being lost ... once more. ,not-offensive
2519,0, ppl speculate its ab the akb48 produce akimoto and the fact he is a right wing and koreans really dislike him ,not-offensive
2520,1,"    you ignored my question, which is crucial to the argument. once sensible"""" gun control is imposed and another shooting occurs, do you truly believe they will not push for further restrictions?"""" ",offensive
2521,1, who does he think he is the dumb donald!!!! ,offensive
2522,1, why is not she is custody?  i understand she cannot be in general population but she should be in custody and in some sort of holding cell. ,offensive
2523,0, it is sop for conservatives defend every republican fully no matter the seriousness of the charge or evidence.  demand every democrat resign no matter what. ,not-offensive
2524,1, any day you free I am dead ass serious an do not call me talking about come get him because imma block yo ass ,offensive
2525,0, actually she was having a tantrum. ,not-offensive
2526,0,  thank you president trump! all of america is benefiting for todays' economy too! and most importantly? president trump gets all the credit! =  maga ,not-offensive
2527,0,  who is oboma??? ,not-offensive
2528,0, it is only significant if he is packing his bags. ,not-offensive
2529,0,  i hope you are right! ,not-offensive
2530,1,* lives in chicago   * thinks gun control works  face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyloudly crying face ,offensive
2531,1, ummm.   you are one of those people that should not be there.  face with tears of joy ,offensive
2532,0,4. but i have to called an hotel to send a shuttle to come pick my mother who is sitting at  terminal at the airport with their agents.  5. i reminded them that she is a wheelchair passenger who cannot speak english. how will the hotel find her? ,not-offensive
2533,0,  the fact a liberal crosses the floor only indicates that the cpc's platform is more palatable to leftists than to true conservatives. thanks god for maxime bernier. ,not-offensive
2534,1, conservatives are so sick of these tactics by liberals. first there was bork then there was thomas. republicans just keep taking it too...trump will not take it for long though. ,offensive
2535,0,    so inspiring to see so many people playing! ,not-offensive
2536,1,   “like hell he is hurt. do your job”  randy orton.  do you have ears? ,offensive
2537,1,   haha you liberals are so desperate it is hilarious. trying at all ends to set him up. this bs last minute stalling tactic about the alleged hs incident and the bait of emails that were sent to him. and people wonder how trump won? because they are tired of democrats and their crap. ,offensive
2538,1, i thought this was snl. the last guy is wearing a fucking beanie with the mindmill on its ,offensive
2539,1, firemorningjoe he is cut from the same cloth as all other conservatives. his misogyny and bigotry are always on display. he is responsible for trump. ,offensive
2540,0, just turn on everywhere eb face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
2541,0, what is the first thing you are going to do? ,not-offensive
2542,1, holy freakin cow this is actually real from antifa? now we really know they are stupid. great way to get shot or hurt. ,offensive
2543,0, except antifa do not fit any of the archetypes of fascism? if your definition of fascism is “wears a mask and is violent” then you should also include   riot cops  the military  right wing demonstrators ,not-offensive
2544,1,   republicans constantly tell us about respecting law enforcement but ignore their judgement on gun control ,offensive
2545,0,   you say she is your kind of woman. why do not you do that with the quran? i would say then that you are my kind of woman. ,not-offensive
2546,0,. confirm kavanaugh!  kavanaughforscotus  2a  nra  no new gun control!  2a!   defendthesecond  nra vote for  shareact  nocompromise protect our god given rights  rememberyouroath  nraun control!  2a!   defendthesecond  nra ,not-offensive
2547,0, you always have such a lovely way with words......you are one wonderful person.....the biggest of hearts.  thank you so much for that '  ,not-offensive
2548,0, foolish to think that ,not-offensive
2549,0,     i just spoke with antifa and blm. they said you lied. ,not-offensive
2550,0,  he is a farmer thay grows the stuff they make canola from and land of'lakes refuses to dilute their pure butter...maybe.... ,not-offensive
2551,0, you mean the same way the liberals and dems are already taking them away? ,not-offensive
2552,0, she is so beautiful  thank you!!hibiscus ,not-offensive
2553,0, yes if you get it for me rose ,not-offensive
2554,1, what death threats? antifa is not sitting outside her house like they have with republicans. why did she scrub all her social media? ,offensive
2555,0,  2 of 2 vote her butt right out of office.   dianefeinstein is part of the problem in america not part of the solution.  her old ideas and  clarencethomas tricks will not work this time.   votered2018  kag  confirmkavanaugh  confirmcoachk  maga ,not-offensive
2556,0,  the point being made is that the support comes from the right of the party   it is relevant because it gives clarity to the offering made to the good people of london   they now know a  vote is like voting for marine le pen. you are welcome. ,not-offensive
2557,0, this is not about gun control anymore this is about hate.  take guns away the hateful will find something else.  let us resolve where anger comes from ,not-offensive
2558,0, and the rest of the democrats love antifa and their alinsky tactics.   democratsaredangerous ,not-offensive
2559,0, face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy that he is ,not-offensive
2560,0,  face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy thanks for the history lesson. excuses and talking about past games make today even better. you are only as good as your last game... ,not-offensive
2561,0, natural selection at its finest. ,not-offensive
2562,0,  interesting. now do you and your state of illinois. clown face ,not-offensive
2563,0, your mind is still not accepting that the federal government belongs to pti of which you are member of na. ,not-offensive
2564,0,   and republicans wanted moderates when obama was president and we go the way liberals kagan and sotomayer ,not-offensive
2565,0,  you are talking about the clintons. ,not-offensive
2566,0,  companies used to remove execs who are emotionally disturbed. an ed exec can not be trusted to be a leader of people. i guess no longer. ,not-offensive
2567,1, well that is why bb wins super it is and you are an overhyped media mouth piece imbecild ,offensive
2568,0, he is both. best hybrid ever. ,not-offensive
2569,0,  they are doing it deliberately get rid of the minions problem solved they could not give a monkeys. ,not-offensive
2570,1, consider this source ...  is a supreme ass kissing douche bag. ,offensive
2571,0, and you are? laughing out loud ,not-offensive
2572,0,  I will bet if award shows trash christians and conservatives even more their ratings will really bounce back...... ,not-offensive
2573,0,  this is what happens when you tell white liberals that they do not get to congratulate themselves on how woke they are until they put their money where their mouth is. that simple fact of life breaks their brains. ,not-offensive
2574,0,   msm has no respect left. they have really reached the point of being the  eotp ,not-offensive
2575,0,  was funny. that was when he was not a puppet. have not watched in over a year. ,not-offensive
2576,0," he is there i think, he is not important, you are. you are important to me"""""""" ",not-offensive
2577,0, what about the other to girls was that sinnfeinn fault as well oh right it is only the ex hard line republic you are interested in she is the only victim because she would do aunt thing to bad mouth sinnfeinn shame on you ,not-offensive
2578,1,"   and civil rights,"""" like the 'right' to kill your own child transcending a child's right to life...from the same people that insist on more stringent gun control laws to 'save the lives of children.' let that sink in..."""" ",offensive
2579,1,  I am talking about someone from a historical background and heritage of guns. she a roman catholic... they are generally all for gun control. you do your research sir. ,offensive
2580,0,network of liberal facebook ads traces back to colorado law firm  cnn  sitroom  thelead  outfront  ac360  npr  pbsnews  pbsnewshour  tcot  tlot  maga  sgp  nyc  boston  baltimore  cleveland  chicago  milwaukee  denver  stlouis  houston  dallas  atlanta  la ,not-offensive
2581,1,   yeah fuck pogbathumbs up ,offensive
2582,0, the dems are campaigning on medicare for all and gun control. how are those falsehoods? ,not-offensive
2583,1,     it is already legalized killing of babies and liberals are afraid of trumps supreme court picks taking it away. ,offensive
2584,0,americans are a people of the creed  a family in faith  formed by an idea and united in defence of the singular concept of liberty.  wwg1wga  maga ,not-offensive
2585,0,   awesome tweet. you bring out the best in people and you are appreciated. thanks for yesterday's many live updates  and live coverage and that was just one news story! ,not-offensive
2586,0,  I am sorry that is how the rap game goes. if I am working with a producer that is working with my enemy why would not i be like either them or me. find your own ppl. this is rap and she is well within her right to. ,not-offensive
2587,0,                                                 following all! 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
2588,1, not if you are from wisconsin. and it is a bubbler. and duck duck goose. ,offensive
2589,1, liberal dictionary    illegal immigrants  dreamers  trump supporters  deplorable dregs ms 13 killers  human beings  babies in the womb  not human beings  antifa protestors  law abiding nra  terrorists  bill clinton  feminist  brett kavanaugh predator liberalism=a mental disorder ,offensive
2590,0,  the petty semantics regarding antifa. you are better then that. ,not-offensive
2591,0, can anyone say “washed up actor trying to stay relevant?”! ,not-offensive
2592,0,   what the fuck orrin hatch  ‘even if kavanaugh committed rape 'it would be hard for senators not to consider who he is today' ,not-offensive
2593,1,  you are a disgrace ,offensive
2594,0, he is going down with the rest of them  deepstate  obamaworstpresidentever ,not-offensive
2595,1,   exactly! she was sorry till she found people to cosign her bullshit. idiots. the pair of them. ,offensive
2596,0,    i think the easiest way to label them would be that they are conservatives who are ok with the lbgqt community and pro rights.  somehow that is supposed to make them liberal. ,not-offensive
2597,0,   got a point there if you are a person that just looks after yourself however i think if you look at nhs social care emergency services  wages compared to living costs you will see a different story. ,not-offensive
2598,0,  usa antifa are connecting with the philippine's cpp npa and vice versa. president duterte should be informed about this! ,not-offensive
2599,1, chelsea is as crazy as her mother ,offensive
2600,0,and yet i see daily antifa doxing without any suspensions whatsoever. not to mention cnn doxxing and threatening a meme creator. ,not-offensive
2601,1, disgusting. ,offensive
2602,0,  hey it is great to see the people shaking hands and hugging president trump while he hands out meals to the people!  foxnews  cnn  theview  maga  abcnews  cbsnews ,not-offensive
2603,0,ahh my ears hurt from listening in the earphones..still his voice was sexy ,not-offensive
2604,0,  I am guessing willie nelson said idgaf about pissing off trump lemmings to do beto’s campaign rally. ,not-offensive
2605,1, greenie she acted like a spoiled elitist brat. she got the point taken away as she deserved. if she was good enough to win today it should not have mattered.  she is an icon and one of the most admirable women I have ever seen in sports. she had a bad day. move on not newsworthy. ,offensive
2606,0,+ i can not talk to anyone so if i answered your message you are so special for me ,not-offensive
2607,0, she is very beautiful ,not-offensive
2608,0, I am going to save liberals the work and go ahead and put myself in the misogyny and racist jail before i retweet this gem. ,not-offensive
2609,0,now this makes sense.  qanon   maga  walkaway ,not-offensive
2610,0,  you people are so laughable leave them alone she is going to be great. ,not-offensive
2611,1," maga  christineford  trump2020  tcot  ccot  americafirst  patriots    brettkavanaugh had this to say about bill clinton during whitewater    it is imperative to make his pattern of revolting behaviour clear    piece by painful piece.""""   indeed. ",offensive
2612,1, yeah and....what is the point of this article? trying to demonize him for meeting with lawyers? he has a right to defend his character. he also has the right to file a defamation of character case against this woman and sen. feinstein. democrats liberals are pathetic.  ridiculous ,offensive
2613,0, this is rich coming from the spokesperson of an organization that blocks every commonsense gun control bill. every one ,not-offensive
2614,0, yes...   occupy changed their t shirts to  ferguson changed their t shirts to  baltimoreriots changed their t shirts to  resist changed their t shirts to  antifa to spread democrat violence ,not-offensive
2615,0, takes a lot of monthly walks to the mailbox to afford that kind of cheese. liberals and their wise spending habits..face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
2616,1," democrats cut funding. cia goes around it. that is how it is done. conservatives"""" who play by the rules will get fucked up, every time. ",offensive
2617,1, she is one of satan's daughters ,offensive
2618,0,  you are really enjoying loudly crying faceei ,not-offensive
2619,1,  he is seething!! you can see it in his eyes and hear it in his voice!! obama was a failed president in every sense of the word!  maga  kag locomotive🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,offensive
2620,0, if i done what john kery did i would be under the jail..just saying oncve you are no longer in a position in the gov't does not mean to continue illigally gooing around having meeting and talks with ppl you should not even be in the same room with anymore.just saying!!we have laws!! ,not-offensive
2621,0,    “spotty gun control” and “no internal borders”is my point. every gun sale in cali has to go through a ffl. it is illegal to buy them out of state. it is illegal for gang members in chicago to get guns out of state. as far as a nationwide ban how is that drug war working out for you? ,not-offensive
2622,0,  sure hope maxi marches with antifa. she will cover her head ,not-offensive
2623,0,. i urge you to stop facebook from censoring conservatives. ,not-offensive
2624,0,"    michael, i really liked that movie, the patriot"""", with mel gibson. maga !"""" ",not-offensive
2625,0,  holder's day is coming. soon..... ,not-offensive
2626,1,update chuck schumer’s steamy affair with a high school cheerleader conf... via  well someone said it so it must be true! chickschumer should resign  kavenaugh  thursdaythoughts  fridayfeeling  demdirtytrick  maga  resist fbi should investigate ,offensive
2627,0, fluctuat nec mergitur   latin for she is tossed by the waves but she does not sink   also the city motto of paris. ,not-offensive
2628,0, now you are making fun of me. ,not-offensive
2629,0,  has the fbi interviewed kaine about his son's ties to antifa? ,not-offensive
2630,0,  kisses!face blowing a kissface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
2631,1, I have seen these big chairs but the look on your face and the pose makes me laugh. somehow i believe that was all purposely orcastrated by you boots! you are so silly ,offensive
2632,0,  you are so beautiful ,not-offensive
2633,0, wednesdaymotivation they should teach the type of governments for anyone who runs for public office. most  liberal wants to give an illusion that we have a  democracy while they keep the power hidden.  conservatives enjoy  representative government but like to take control. ,not-offensive
2634,1, poor  she is a rager and a shamer. sad.... ,offensive
2635,0, russ us fuckin'dead ,not-offensive
2636,0, tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives theresa may  we have three fantastic shortlisted conservative candidates for mayor of london in shaunbaileyuk andrewboff and joymorrissey   all proud advocates for london. if y… ,not-offensive
2637,0,  nothing more satisfying than a good scratch  or “howk” if you are a scottish badger!  ,not-offensive
2638,0,after you declare antifa a terrorist's organization then start collecting the names of all the professors involved  ,not-offensive
2639,1, she is so despicable! ,offensive
2640,0,    engaged in another activity involving. he is looking away from the road to a camera. that is literally distracted driving. idk how you are arguing face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
2641,0, blame the rush feinstein. she sat on this for two months. you and your party drove this timeline on purpose. live w it. i hope someday someone accuses you of something and you watch your entire life’s work disappear. he is a person w a family. remember that! ,not-offensive
2642,1, yeah sucks honestly but i plan on coming back on variety rather than fortnite and if the opportunities are nice to start esport on another game but i can approve that fortnite esport is over for me. ,offensive
2643,1, uhhh no.  sadam gassed the shit out of the kurds  sp?  ,offensive
2644,0,  i do not think she needed any money to do this. i think she is so left wing that she thinks she is joan of arc. now we have spartacus and joan....who is next on the agenda? ,not-offensive
2645,0, so my guess is she is getting low numbers! ,not-offensive
2646,0, you rock laura.  we need the rinos exposed.  they are hiding behind republican status.  we need new blood in november.  it has to continue to 2020.  maga  our forefathers would want us to save our country. ,not-offensive
2647,0, you are too nice ilyrevolving heartsrevolving hearts ,not-offensive
2648,0, that is gun control. ,not-offensive
2649,0, goo goo google. babylight skin tone ,not-offensive
2650,0, you are a grown up ,not-offensive
2651,0,   even those who voted leave did not vote for this   ,not-offensive
2652,1, see his profile? thinks he is hardcore ....boi thinking face ,offensive
2653,1,    that is just depressing. good churches are getting hard to find. few and far between. i know people who belong to churches that espouse gun control and abortion! that is politics   not god! not christ! ,offensive
2654,0, basically what she is saying is someone wanted to float an accusation without facing any legal or civil accountability for it when it turns out to be bs. this is beyond unethical. ,not-offensive
2655,0,  yes he isred heart️folded hands🇱🇷🇸🇻 ,not-offensive
2656,1,  pope char compares pope francis to the false prophet. bingo! ,offensive
2657,1,  if i die from him again i might say fuck him and his armor and leave it there in his crypt and never go back laughing out loud ,offensive
2658,0,                 awh thanks babe. I am just really upset that depression is taking over everyone i know and love. and people i admire. rip mac miller broken heart i do not want anyone to ever think that they are alone in their fight! ,not-offensive
2659,0,    both of you are going to have to take several seats when it comes to kyle smiling cat face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
2660,0,   it just seems like this is another way of the liberals to change history. ,not-offensive
2661,1,  without question professor ford is troubled that is being polite. half the women in the world  probably more  have been groped at one time or an other  and do not hold on to it for 40 years. this is obviously a political ploy to deter scotus confirmation.   maga ,offensive
2662,0, the same is with union teachers. that is why our children learn zero and are brain washed by liberals. vote to stop it now. ,not-offensive
2663,0,antifa caught off guard after getting confronted by the last person they ever wanted to answer too ,not-offensive
2664,0, you not in gitmo yet? you do know you will face jesus face to face do not you? hope you repent before then because the wide gate and broad way you are on leads to destruction and it will be for eternity! right now you are not looking so good! ,not-offensive
2665,0, and  states that she went to save herself from online abuse. if she wants to live in peace then why she is not taking case back and asking relatives to attend hearing.  contradictory statements and action. ,not-offensive
2666,1, not surprising. that i*n c*nnor nigga was on the payroll ,offensive
2667,0, sam’s act is working. i swear she is acting! ,not-offensive
2668,0, i find them super cool  i find myself pasting screen caps of them in my discord. i hope for more in the future as it makes the game more interactive in the sense that my character feels more involved in what is going on around him. more please! ,not-offensive
2669,0, i can see a case for it based on the evidence of how appalling badly the conservatives have gone about brexit and now that we have a clear idea of what leaving means. ,not-offensive
2670,0,1. killshot 2. gun control 3. rap devil ,not-offensive
2671,0,  he is doing a better job than i could do  18n18 ,not-offensive
2672,1, let me guess they are a victim of circumstances. but heaven forbid if they got shot for robbing the place all you moron liberals would be screaming gun control. how about kid control or upbringing control of self control. ,offensive
2673,1, cbs sez ceo leslie moonves' out on his ass after several allegations he was chasing ass... coo joseph iannello will be interim ceo until somebody accuses him of the same thing... this 'shit' never ends... ooops... ,offensive
2674,0, does anyone remember when you too just made music? ,not-offensive
2675,0,  liberals do not care who they destroy and leave in their wake! ,not-offensive
2676,0, cuts to policing over the last 10 years under the conservatives which the police warned would be detrimental is an important factor. a lack of youth centres and play schemes is another factor. ,not-offensive
2677,1,  nobody voices opinions in this country louder than conservatives so idk what the fuck he is on about ,offensive
2678,0," guncontrolnow is running a hit piece on the cmp.  the cmp teaches gun safety to young people, promotes responsible gun ownership, and does not sell any of the so called assault weapons"""" banners are targeting.  are we clear on what gun control is?  ",not-offensive
2679,0, what is the difference between  kavanaugh and    one of these men admitted to groping a 15 year old girl years ago.  the other is going to be  confirmed to the scj    demsarefrauds  demsaredone    walkawaydemocrats2018  redwave  voteredsaveamerica  trumptrain  maga ,not-offensive
2680,1, can you pls get rid of holly he is so uneducated of sports. wheb you have sportscasters who have been throgh the sport and are professional in their presentation he looks like a joke ,offensive
2681,0, you are part of the problem! no more regressive liberals.  draintheswamp ,not-offensive
2682,1,  which some fantasy gun ban you are rolling over in your mind would prevent?    gun control is evil misspelled  ,offensive
2683,0,8  . liberals just pull kavanaugh....the next guy will be fine  me  you democrats are so obvious. you are going to smear everybody and call them a rapist. ,not-offensive
2684,0, he is painterthumbs upsmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with sunglassessmiling face with sunglassessmiling face with sunglassesOK hand ,not-offensive
2685,1,  because he is a traitor ,offensive
2686,0,  they could not elect her the first time '08 yet we were supposed to pick up their leftovers in '16 ,not-offensive
2687,0,"   she is  no poor thing"""". she is an antifa protester with many ties to the dnc.   she is a trump hater. donated to hrc.  she did not just """"appear"""" out of the blue.  cracks me up how naive people are.  toughen up america! these are lying leftists intent on destroying our democracy!"""" ",not-offensive
2688,0, orin hatch was born in 1934. he is 84 years old. he is completely out of touch and will not be around to see or to be accountable for his actions. this is why we need term limits! ,not-offensive
2689,0, she is not at all bothered by this invasion of her space. ,not-offensive
2690,1," trump called trudeau very dishonest and weak"""" and the conservatives cheer. conservatives in canada are trump supporters. they will accept any crumbs that fall off trumps table."""" ",offensive
2691,1, an ugly old man trying to make himself relevant again with more lies  remember him saying he had a deathbed confession from cia director casey? never happened according to the bodyguards in that room should not that be enough to question this morons credibility ,offensive
2692,0,                but that interferes with antifa’s goals!  because they want to be feared? ,not-offensive
2693,0,new york times admits experts were wrong about trumpand 8217 s iran policy. america is winning. chaulk this one up a deep mark of success scrathed in the wall of successes. maga  ,not-offensive
2694,0,  aweeee happy bday e panda heart suit️heart suit️ you are an amazing drummer  maybe better than b       have a great one       ,not-offensive
2695,1, he is a cocky sob who needs to be brought down to his knees ,offensive
2696,0, cam always finds a way to get the job done. whether he throws for 130 yards or 330 yards. that is why he is as good as he is and that is why he is a  franchise qb. he is made chicken salad out of chicken poop on numerous occasions ,not-offensive
2697,0,  you are incredible ,not-offensive
2698,1, you are a racist fake site of fake profiles with fake pictures of scammers who block you. also you delete accounts for no reason and block emails for customer service. same fake people on by the hour. all date sites are fake who create the profiles themselves. ,offensive
2699,0, fakenews  lyingnews  liberals are losing their optimism. soon they will have to give up their welfare checks and food stamps and get a job. conservatives are enjoying an optimism we have not had in 30 years. ,not-offensive
2700,1, you are apiece of shit! why would you kill that animal? how is your mother? ,offensive
2701,0,  how many liberals will believe hillary's explanation?  she was the one who worked with russia on uranium one plus other questionable activities that should be investigated. ,not-offensive
2702,0, she is full of bs. all she is fighting for is another million dollar payday. ,not-offensive
2703,0, here we go this is where the nats blow a lead now or the 8th inning have you not learned and strasburgh is not what everyone thinks he is inconsistent ,not-offensive
2704,1,                                                  face with rolling eyes are you really serious?! comparing some of the most prestigious positions in the nation with being a slave? you just keep proving your ignorance and inability for logical thought!  maga ,offensive
2705,0,  liberals defend islam yet know little to nothing about the ideology. as a middle eastern christian i pay close attention to what the muslim people are up to. ,not-offensive
2706,1, you are a disgrace ,offensive
2707,1," hahahahahahahaha!!! she may need to change her strategy. acting like a spoiled child... throwing a tantrum and showing the world what a sore loser she is... on national television... is not a great way to improve how anyone"""" is viewed."""" ",offensive
2708,0,  he should have started since game 1. but do not worry once he gets the start it will change the faith for the browns. he is a winner!!! nothing against current starter. but he is just a back up in the nfl. ,not-offensive
2709,0,hysterical!  maga  kag  votered  walkaway ,not-offensive
2710,1, look in the mirror lefties!  no bigger bullies than antifa and progressive leftist trying to “get in the faces” of the right ,offensive
2711,1, henny... why do you outside. where you and ya pussy ass sister at. we just want to talk ,offensive
2712,1,rosenstein’s 300 attorneys ‘helped’ vet kavanaugh – now sexual abuse charges which go back to his highschool days  and can not be proven and named witness denies   pathetic  confirmkavanaugh  pjnet  ccot  maga  kag2018  trump2020  nomoreprogressiveliberals ,offensive
2713,1,   no just imagining if we found a picture of bret holding a woman like this. liberals will go insane ,offensive
2714,1, djt and gop  maga. only for old scared white men again. making women property again. ,offensive
2715,0,...and what plan might that be?  the discredited chequers plan or crash out without a plan? ,not-offensive
2716,0, hell no!!!!! ,not-offensive
2717,1,  lol.... your going to jail ,offensive
2718,0, another pile of b s by the former a g ! ,not-offensive
2719,1, i say grab him. what a difference maker. he is a home run hitter to compliment smoke. means we release grant and snead has to take over. do not know the whole story why browns would release him. but he is a legit number one wr ,offensive
2720,0,  i read wages of rebellion  which had some beautiful moments   but some of it made me suspicious and this article confirmed some of them. ,not-offensive
2721,0,  these people are special. laughing out loud ,not-offensive
2722,0,  our  usa ww2 soldiers were all antifa anti fascists too. they killed them. ,not-offensive
2723,1,"  maybe I am wrong, but did not you take an oath to preserve and uphold the constitution?   take your people control  it is not gun control  and gtfo with your crazy.   steve willeford says hi"""". do not know the name? perhaps google it and realize how stupid you are."""" ",offensive
2724,0,a mood. ,not-offensive
2725,0,*she is currently helping a customer out on a potion to help with mane loss.*   ,not-offensive
2726,0,he is back !!  james of’keefe’s ‘project veritas’ exposes the deep state in a new series of videos  he exposes a state dept employee organizing for the ‘democrat socialist of america’ while at work and your tax dollars pay him   tuesdaytips  maga  kag  ,not-offensive
2727,1,"    this is as bad as those right wing nutjobs that scream now is not the time!!"""" to talk about things like gun control when a school gets shot up  this is exactly the time, when people are paying attention, when someone has just lost their life to something horrible and preventable"""" ",offensive
2728,0, gupta. you are a dreamer. 7 years cannot be compared to a telephone call that lasted for 35 minutes. i did not want you to testify in the state capture inquiry. you are moving according to our plan now. remember 7 years of planning and calculating all the dots. ,not-offensive
2729,0,  apparently they did not learn from gun control. ,not-offensive
2730,0, everyone will be dead by 2020 ,not-offensive
2731,0, correction  antifa   peaceful protesters ,not-offensive
2732,0,  i suggest using the 2nd to remove him. ,not-offensive
2733,0,                                                  so you are saying the authors of these articles are not representative of the message of most liberals? ,not-offensive
2734,0,   no it is because he is democrat about to be antifa socialist just like you. ,not-offensive
2735,1, as you typed “you think everyone is like you?” and read it. it means the question is referring to the reader. and at the case you are the reader. 🇳🇬 effect ,offensive
2736,0,. says she is a republican in the mold of lincoln and reagan. supports gun control. ,not-offensive
2737,1, mogg   jacobreesmogg calls for  to  chuckchequers now.   'chequers pleases nobody other than the  primeminister herself.'   bbc  sky  lbc          tory  tories ,offensive
2738,0, you are too face blowing a kissface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
2739,0, liberals are dangerous. they will say and do anything to push their agenda. the victims are judge kavanaugh's wife and daughters. ,not-offensive
2740,0, the nra is now intimidated by a british cartoon. they should stay out of european animation ethics unless they want all of europe weighing in on gun control. ,not-offensive
2741,0, liberals still support this joker?  everyone smart is obviously a conservative. ,not-offensive
2742,0, never trusted his ass ,not-offensive
2743,0, dude...what happened to you?  messedup ,not-offensive
2744,0, you are so hot that every man in the twitter universe and beyond makes this not so thinly veiled attempts at flirting with you. you have almost 1700 followers in 6 months. you are extremely popular.  what is that like? ,not-offensive
2745,1, you  speak the truth about =   louis farrakhan  = ... he is a raging anti semite and racist. ,offensive
2746,0, the conservatives cut the budget for social housing by more than the £2bn as part of their austerity measures. this new announcement is pure spin and it simply plays on the failure of collective memory ,not-offensive
2747,1, this stupid game you are playing is not going to work and kavanaugh will be confirmed!   confirmkavanaughnow  maga  trumpstrong  americafirst  draintheswamp  voterepublican  trumpstrong  winning 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,offensive
2748,0, i do i do buh if you really know me you would know khabib is my guyyyy. he is going to make him humble ,not-offensive
2749,0, why do liberals always say they are moving to canada if they do not get what they want?  they never seem to offer to move to venezuela or greece or other failed liberal countries. ,not-offensive
2750,1,     cannot contain himself that is why he is unwelcome at a school without an escort  and a hall pass .  he is well behind his opponent in his re election campaign.  can not work well or play well with others.  it is time for a change!    district d ,offensive
2751,1,  forget montel! those who speak so speak from their own delusional disgusting truth! he is not worth it!  trash pick up coming! ,offensive
2752,0,  liberals were holding that info in case president trump declassified the fisa documents. they are fighting fire with fire! ,not-offensive
2753,0,    actually per the rules it does not matter if she even saw the coaches attempts to coach her   she is to receive a warning based on the coaches actions.  it would have stopped at just a warning but as you saw she could not let it go. ,not-offensive
2754,0, law enforcement gets to carry around semi automatic guns and make judgement calls about who lives and who dies based solely on race and appearance.  gun control arguments never ever take into account police brutality. ,not-offensive
2755,1,  rotten character or what we call in spanish mal character ,offensive
2756,0, and yet “he is”. better than anyone before himnauseated face ,not-offensive
2757,1,.  tells us she is an unserious attention seeker    iphone    ,offensive
2758,0, you know that the conservatives are worried when they try to show some heart. ,not-offensive
2759,1,  what dos this have to do with the nra? california has lot and lots of worthless gun control laws already. gun control does not work because crazy people do not obey the law. ,offensive
2760,0, baby brennan boo who i do not have a security clearance.  get lost brennan ,not-offensive
2761,0, do not know who you are so imma just ,not-offensive
2762,1,. and  student loan refinancing plan would give every single student loan borrower a tax break and let hundreds of thousands of borrowers have immediate lower interests rates at 0 net cost to taxpayers.    has 8 years. he did nothing. he is a liar. ,offensive
2763,0,      that is the most nonsense I have seen in one tweet ever!! ,not-offensive
2764,1,"  that is not at all plausible. tories and labour have access to that building. more tories have a problem with her than labour and there are more tories. it could have been a leftist"""" but there are more tory suspects. you are pretty abusive for someone arguing the left are abusive"""" ",offensive
2765,0, it is true. the sullivan act innnew yourk was enacted specifically to disarm ethnic minorities. they fkat out said that was the purpose when it was enacted. gun control in new york city is based on that law to this very day. gun control does not disarm the privileged. not at all. ,not-offensive
2766,0,       the vast majority of counterprotestors were normal cville residents. there were a few antifa and a few blm people. all violence was instigated initially by the white supremacists. antifa protected clergy members and black residents. ,not-offensive
2767,0,   i like carol she is funny face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
2768,0,are we anywhere in this? am i really just asking    i see  slimshady everywhere in this lol   thegreatawakening  qanon  maga   time to all wake up to ourselves!  thestorm  wwg1wga  jesusisback  godisgreat  ,not-offensive
2769,1, the owner of my culo ,offensive
2770,1,thank you for standing for decency.  the liberal left is up to its same old tactics.  lies at 11th hour from lefty liberal haters.  this story stinks from outside in   maga  tcot        ,offensive
2771,1, congrats naomi! you deserved to win. you showed true sportsmanship during serena’s meltdown. i would like to apologize for her behavior. what an embarrassment for the us. she should have been ejected for arguing with the side chair. she thinks she is superior but she is not. ,offensive
2772,0, good riddance! ,not-offensive
2773,1,"america..!!   walkaway get out and vote or live in poverty and servitude...!!""""  maga   wwg1wga ",offensive
2774,1, it is always same trash trump and conservatives.  i have stopped watching american tv and going to movies.  i have discovered wonderful foreign television shows albeit many subtitled that are now my favorites and there is always good old fashioned reading and music and creative endeavors. ,offensive
2775,0, I am just seeing this ,not-offensive
2776,1,   oh yeah so I am sure you will wait a certain amount of time before talking about gun control right? I am sure you are saying the same thing to all the people using the dead to push laws that do nothing right? ,offensive
2777,0, boy you sleeeeeeepppp loudly crying faceloudly crying face ass be ret on pansy or bailey tonight face with tears of joyface with tears of joyrelieved face ,not-offensive
2778,0, because the nyt as it has always been  see church committee and legacy of ashes  infiltrated with deep state actors....the extent to which the deep state will go  see doj fbi criminality  ,not-offensive
2779,0,"   arms"""" were are to be regulated by law—those regulations aimed at near universal armament training with contemporary military grade design """"arms"""" personally owned possessed and kept in the home—by """"the people""""  2a that is constitutional """"gun control""""."""" ",not-offensive
2780,0,  or like blm and liberals over the past couple of years ,not-offensive
2781,1, the people of pr tried telling us this last year but you were too busy bashing trump with mayor cruz.   to you people 3000 peoples lives were worth it to try to make trump look bad.  you are all a disgrace! ,offensive
2782,0, he is already on betfair exchange but not on sportbooks. ,not-offensive
2783,0, he is ,not-offensive
2784,1,  which is also posturing nonsense. if they want to oust her they would forward the requisite letters to their part whip and she would be facing a leadership challenge. her 'challengers' are as gutless and witless as she is. ,offensive
2785,1, i know what that storm is going to do...but those photos are just the shit bro. ,offensive
2786,0,   one day you are going to be an expert mate smiling cat face with heart eyesthumbs upcat face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
2787,0,". the referendum was not about whether gdp goes up by 1  or down by 1 , it was about leaving political union and becoming an independent country! that is the issue that neither the conservatives nor the labour party wishes to address."""" ",not-offensive
2788,0,      keep lying bud no one is listening ,not-offensive
2789,0, she is gorgeous ,not-offensive
2790,0, more press should talk about this remarkable 20yr old she is the future ,not-offensive
2791,0, should have played saint marie instead of london docks. saint was ass for me OK hand ,not-offensive
2792,0,"  she knows something the liberals do not want to talk about. she said canada was at risk"""" three times in the house of commons before she crossed the aisle. coming from someone of her background, I would be inclineed to take the warning seriously. call me old fashioned."""" ",not-offensive
2793,0,  i agree with you catherine. gun control laws is the main solution of this problem.  102 23879 ,not-offensive
2794,0, she is your sister!lol ,not-offensive
2795,0, but he is right..the deaths caused by the hurricane was vastly overrated. i googled it. ,not-offensive
2796,0,   why because she is female or because of your dislike of conservatives? ,not-offensive
2797,0,  she is the gift wrapped gift that keeps on giving!  we conservatives just love her ! ,not-offensive
2798,0,               not what the conclusions says in the paper. do you know what experiments they did? you are just like an creationist that blindly believe what the news says. you are like an catholic that beliees every word of the pope. ,not-offensive
2799,0,  i heard bert and ernie are merely allies and active in antifa. friendship is a luxury of the oppressor. ,not-offensive
2800,1, according the gore hurricane hazel in 1955 was trumps fault and all the typhoons cyclones and hurricanes are all trumps fault   and trump colluded   with god to defeat hillary.   all true! ,offensive
2801,0, that is nothing new she was going to vote no anyway.....we will vote no to liberals in november.... ,not-offensive
2802,0,  easy big fella!!  you would do the baseball if it was the bravos!!! laughing out loud ,not-offensive
2803,1," has not this flake left yet?  how dare these people hang a man without evidence and at the word of a loon with repressed memory."""" sue her and i bet she shuts up fast."""" ",offensive
2804,0,"1 so earlier you said, unfazed and determined,"""" you are going to confirm, judge kavanaugh. presumably on behalf of, chairman grassley. now you say it is the liberals fault. how do you work that out? basically you said serious accusations of potential assault, not to mention lying ",not-offensive
2805,0,   he tried this before and it went nowhere. he is 100  pro gun control. done. ,not-offensive
2806,0, the liberals are the ones arguing to take away our rights ,not-offensive
2807,0,            sorry my love i know you will be disappointed maybe I will stand in my next life time red heart ,not-offensive
2808,1, just one more proof that the dnc hates the cosnstitution. this is exactly what pres. washington warned us of in his farwell address. the dnc hates the constitution because it stands in the way of their totalitarain agenda. maybe that i why they push both socialism and gun control ,offensive
2809,1,4.  most disliked oc  amai  vs most liked oc  kira amai is pretty much a freaking bad daughter. she killed her mum and little brother just to run off with some man.  kira is a pretty sweet get a life who loves her father very much and just loves to be loved! she is also a determined get a life ,offensive
2810,0, i agree 100  and then some! please go to work  ! that is 49 senators who need to please take a stand against the obstructionist liberals! quit allowing them to make you look inept! lead or resign!  ,not-offensive
2811,0, you are bringing up honor and decency? with that yoyo in the picture? that is rich. ,not-offensive
2812,0,when under siege over a bs stand... double down.  cultlogic  maga ,not-offensive
2813,0, who cares??? she broke into his home and shot him. she is the one. that needs to be held fully accountable for her actions. ,not-offensive
2814,1, omg another bigot showing he is basically gutless   sounds much like donald face with tears of joy ,offensive
2815,0,  well done so many people will benefit from medical research hope it all works out matt  maga ,not-offensive
2816,0,   now you r making political issue. she died this is it. many peoples r dying daily because of them. why she is so special ? encashing her death for sympathy of corrupt what r you doing waseem bhai ? ,not-offensive
2817,0, some antifa types might even show  sort of like a mini g8 donybrooke then?smiling face with sunglasses ,not-offensive
2818,0, good. we can only hope. keep talking. ,not-offensive
2819,0, the liberals opposing liberalism? person shrugging‍female sign️ ,not-offensive
2820,1,"                                                 they get testy and decide you are a paid shill"""" a lot, if you end up hanging around qanon you will get used to it."""" ",offensive
2821,0, as if we did not already have enough reasons to not watch... ,not-offensive
2822,1,interrupting his hearing at every turn! but that is ok he is a man and can take it! at least he will remember who what when and where he was! after this kavanaugh will have definitely earned his stripes to scotus!  maga! ,offensive
2823,0,       but do you speak up?  trump and his family have become a punching bag for the left.  and this is the best we have done in a very long time.  i left the party after antifa jumped in ...also they almost elected hillary.  hillary!! flushed face ,not-offensive
2824,1,   anime is a gag series. the manga is bloody as fuck. ,offensive
2825,0, hollywood drone! ,not-offensive
2826,1,  nothing was stolen. crybaby liberals did not get what they wanted so they have been throwing temper tantrums for 2 years. ,offensive
2827,0," joe   antifa are not bullies. they are fighters fighting for democracy"""""""" ",not-offensive
2828,0,   thanks for the resistance boycott any means nessasary losers they hollywood msm rinos google facebook and twitter china jack black haters antifa are ruining our country enough we need a wall ,not-offensive
2829,1,  oh  the dem candidates do have clearly stated policy proposals. one involves rational gun control. when elected they will not vacillate like trump. you and  are done deceiving america. ,offensive
2830,0, well that is because roy moore was no longer an issue for the dems or the so called women's rights liberals. ,not-offensive
2831,0,   i remember when conservatives slagged off the labour party as 'undemocratic' for allowing unons such a big say in labour policies. ,not-offensive
2832,0," please be aware that the following person who has confirmed attending fordfestnd is the guest list ,  is canada's top antifa anarchist and intends to disrupt event . his name is alex hundert  ",not-offensive
2833,0, and yet congress took away  all gun control laws when they took away article 4 sec 4 us constitution from the people     thank you congress ,not-offensive
2834,0, and she knows because the witch was there?  another fake lie about the president...if you hate america leave as soon as possible!!!! ,not-offensive
2835,1,    bridget that is another crazy one! absolutely correct! she is a mess! and what she did to our president with the head in her hand!  she should have gone to jail for that! she is a monster! ,offensive
2836,0,    she is getting death threats. ,not-offensive
2837,0, and you can see how close he is to tears. i know how hard it is to lose an old friend. they are irreplaceable. ,not-offensive
2838,0,  do not really need to try and out virtue signal the liberals. not wasting taxpayer dollars on foriegn invaders is enough of an argument. ,not-offensive
2839,0, conservatives left  frustrated as  congress passes big spending bills...   tcot ,not-offensive
2840,1, republicans  conservatives are the most disgusting people ,offensive
2841,1, i already knew that ! laugh my ass off face with tears of joy so stay with us deplorable bigots!! we are getting ready to fight for our country!  wwg1wga ,offensive
2842,0," those are old photos and in no way represent antifa"""". it is a small group of delusional people who call themselves antideutsch  """"anti german""""  who have tried to co opt the anti fascist movement and claim that anyone who is not anti german and pro israel is antisemitic and racist."""" ",not-offensive
2843,0, i do not think jack knows too many conservatives. I have never met one that did not want to lecture me on how everything should be “run like a business” and we should all just work harder and follow the rules. ,not-offensive
2844,0,    he is great! awesome songs... i love walk on by and what it is best! ,not-offensive
2845,0,  i believe all of this stuff is to bring in gun control. gun control = disarming america. ,not-offensive
2846,0, i understand annie she is stuck in between ! i understand her ! ,not-offensive
2847,1, both sides have promised wall since ever y should anyone believe anything they say????? ?promised since 1986 ,offensive
2848,0,  please could the author of this brill  article  do something to rescue us and brexit from this remainiac of a pm who will enslave us forever under unelected commsion federal fanatics  plus the conservatives can say farewell to gov for at least  5 yrs. who could trust the tories ? ,not-offensive
2849,1,  now comes the pain...............   maga🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸   wwg1wga ,offensive
2850,0, there is no way he is 25 35 maybe not 25 ,not-offensive
2851,1,  he is a bitter barn inbred. ,offensive
2852,0, she is and tea is she used to be in the program oop ,not-offensive
2853,1, how dare you tell me what antifa is doing is right. they are not fighting facism they are fighting for their own stupid because. they are further from fixing facism than the republicans themselves ,offensive
2854,1,     he is a malignant narcissist. ,offensive
2855,0,  it is almost comical at this point ,not-offensive
2856,1, what i say about being a little pussy and saying shit behind people's back ,offensive
2857,0, brexit how can  make a deal with the eu when the  is split in 2. but even  is not 100   brexit or  remain. ,not-offensive
2858,1,5.10am still a crowd at queens park protesting the conservatives middle of the night power grab. shame on the conservatives! what kind of party creates chaos during an election? rather than working with their citizens to create a healthy economy?   onpoli ,offensive
2859,0,". spoke about a migrant found to be a member of  islamic state, telling  viewers we do not want her here"""" as he makes his case for swift deportation of convicted terrorists  auspol  saparli  adelaide  abetterway ",not-offensive
2860,0, tom was bought! he is more interested in tom than his constituents ,not-offensive
2861,1,   actually my ancestors were here long before anyone got here even your french ass! native americans were here first. so get your facts straight! so if you want to throw punches make sure you know who and where you are throwing them first. ,offensive
2862,1, beto advocates gun control which would leave is defenseless to this. ,offensive
2863,0, thank you greatest president of all time  maga ,not-offensive
2864,1, excommunicate the guy. that will teach ‘them. ,offensive
2865,0, beto i would love it if you could become a texas senator. you need to support the 2nd amendment to get elected. once you are in you effect change. you have my vote but i am not worried at all about losing my gun ownership. the gun control argument is teds best fight ,not-offensive
2866,0,  is culturally appropiated a latino nick name.   latinosfortrump! ,not-offensive
2867,0, you are innocent until proven otherwise! i would say most definitely she needs to prove her story is true ,not-offensive
2868,0,  forgotten? his reboot on fox starts in less than 2 weeks. guess you are out of the loop watching fake news all the time.  walkaway ,not-offensive
2869,0,   rabid nationalists who have been misled into thinking it is the liberals who are globalists. ,not-offensive
2870,0,  i mean gun control so you can not defend yourself ,not-offensive
2871,0, i think jack is busy right now pushing the feds for their share of the  100 million museum project. waiting for liberals to suggest only they can deliver federal dollars. ,not-offensive
2872,0, eric holder was the perfect att gen for the obama administration. not an ounce of human decency in his bones. ,not-offensive
2873,0,. “i believe that our best days are ahead of us.”  currently the  are the rms titanic and the  chequersplan is a big feckin' iceberg! ...  🤨 ... ,not-offensive
2874,0, an obvious last minute liberal ploy to delay confirmation. more dirty tricks since the liberals lost the previous election. ,not-offensive
2875,0, me too.  I am glad he is back ,not-offensive
2876,0,  it is also time for us conservatives to forget about her and ignore her. ,not-offensive
2877,1,   conservatives    are enemies of whites! ,offensive
2878,0,. talks books + she is giving away a copy of her new book   writerwednesday ,not-offensive
2879,0, what about antifa? no one would have died if antifa had not showed up without a permit ,not-offensive
2880,1, i do love you but do not give him an excuse..he is not mentally ill he is a dangerous idiot!!!! ,offensive
2881,0,"  that is always been the critique to be honest  hence the champagne socialist"""" or """"privileged white antifa"""" tropes"""" ",not-offensive
2882,0,  that is really hard hitting stuff! why not grill him on how his party along with the   bought austerity not for the rich but for the poor the sick and disabled and ask if they are still feeling the efects? oh no you will not  tory run media! ,not-offensive
2883,1, good middle fingerthem ! ,offensive
2884,1, we conservatives love him no matter how stupid it makes us  him look! yee haw! ,offensive
2885,0, mondaymotivation instead of  maga   could we please have  maaa   make america america again   the rest of the world misses you! ,not-offensive
2886,0, wcw because big sis was just inducted into the  pixiegang and she is slaying it flawlessly! firesmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
2887,0,  that explains it then  she is an alien! laughing out loud ,not-offensive
2888,0, dallon you just said lit I am sorry sweetie but you are cancelled ,not-offensive
2889,1, i knew you were not a real republican committed to your party!!!! you need to leave. get out now!! you are a disgrace to every republican conservative member who work towards solutions and does not constantly diminish the potus!!! quit already. ,offensive
2890,0, i hope he is ok and he finds the peace that will provide him the happiness that he need ,not-offensive
2891,1," how does what I am saying relate to gun control. if police departments will not prosecute their own family"""" then it is time to limit their access to all weapons. a police department reluctant to acknowledge their own wrong doings and correct them do not deserve access to weapons."""" ",offensive
2892,0, what does she think she has done to kavanaugh family? you can not throw crap out there and not back it up. nothing but a stall tactic. liberals would fight anyone being appointed ,not-offensive
2893,1, i just read that whole thread and that guys thinks he is a boxing media social media sure have mess up some ppls  head rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
2894,0, she is a democrat ,not-offensive
2895,1, maga= mushrooms are growing again ,offensive
2896,1,  you are devaluing everyone is opinion on the independent article whom agrees with me by saying they are disgruntled students or bots. just because they do not put dr. in their twitter name it does not mean they have not done 'deeply important research' as you fondly put it. ,offensive
2897,1, your bizarre spin attempts fail because no one trusts one sided zealots anymore. the spell is broken. we the people do not need people like you and your sick idea. cater to the loony left like your modern brown shirts antifa. leave normal people alone ,offensive
2898,0, words cannot express just how valid you are. ,not-offensive
2899,0, a disgrace... ,not-offensive
2900,1,  i have dick durbin that is not going to happen blame shitcago that is what i do.. ,offensive
2901,0,. please do everyone a favor and delete this false thread and your account while you are at it.  ,not-offensive
2902,0, she is idk what is going on ,not-offensive
2903,0, i was not calling you out... i was genuinely surprised like live legit made a mode that you are loving and i love to see that... it was not anything more than that. i apologize if you took it another way ,not-offensive
2904,1,"    politicians talk about racism, islamophobia, homophobia, rape, drug abuse etc etc......  do you not understand how fucking sick it is to ask jess if she is discussed with her children that complete strangers hate"""" mummy.  i hope for your own sake that you are unwell."""" ",offensive
2905,0,  exactly ,not-offensive
2906,0,"  populism   political ideas and activities that are intended to get the support of ordinary people by giving them what they want""""   cambridge dictionary  yes i too think the liberals and conservatives must unite to prevent ordinary people from getting want they want  collusion face with tears of joy"""" ",not-offensive
2907,0, never saw it before. it is delicious ,not-offensive
2908,1, republicans  conservatives  wet dreams  step 1  confirm predator as scotus judge step 2  eliminate women's choice step 3  eliminate non white's voting rights step 4  eliminate women's voting rights step 5  end immigration ,offensive
2909,0, and donald trump will never be president ,not-offensive
2910,0,"   you are asking liberals to use reason and logic. look at these people, they have been suffering a collective psychosis for almost 2 yrs and get crazier by the hour. if their educated elite"""" are batsht crazy, their sheep foot soldiers are likely certifiable. they are beyond help. ",not-offensive
2911,0, let us not forget the treatment of sarah palin by these same california liberals. and now they say kavanaugh ‘s accuser is being bullied? ,not-offensive
2912,0, follow the penfountain pen... maga🇺🇸 it is mightier than the sword dagger   qanon🇺🇸    wwg1wga🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
2913,0," suddenly bozoobama is not politician""""...and certainly not that he and billayers anddisgraced erikholder started police brutality antifa,blm,ows """"movements"""" and did not fund our us military as before for 8 yrs,but gave world sponser of terror iran  170. bil... nooo!  not old isis lover 'bama."""" ",not-offensive
2914,1,"     oh yeah sure antifa is anti fascist"""". also, free speech is for everyone  liberals, conservatives, centrists, fascists, communists, anarchists, ancaps, etc. i live in the us and not a fascist state that bans what it thinks is """"hate speech"""". ",offensive
2915,0, it is fucking time!! ,not-offensive
2916,0, pat shurmer scored 7 points against the eagles in playoffs last year and only 22 at home vs saints until miracle play he is not a great offensive coach. ,not-offensive
2917,0,          that is a guy. guy looks like a sheila!  qanon  maga  greatawakening ,not-offensive
2918,0,  killary still lost! ,not-offensive
2919,1, democrats are sick! back off and let our president trump continue to help all americans! ,offensive
2920,0, are you not surprised to know that liberals sacrifice their own children on the altar of virtue signaling? ,not-offensive
2921,1, never nigga skullskull ,offensive
2922,1, wow...not even his supporters can do the math and see that he is not right for this country. well his supporters can not do math either ,offensive
2923,0,                     i know many of antifa who will fight harder....and not waste government socialist money ,not-offensive
2924,1,   omg what fuckin' kind of this beauty tt ,offensive
2925,0, oh the liberals will shove race in everything! ,not-offensive
2926,0, it is funny. you are claiming gun control will help the us yet you are apparently on the south side which has been deemed “chiraq” lol...chicago has the strictest gun laws yet the highest gun violence. ,not-offensive
2927,1,  they thought she would win so they could implement the last part of their plan to use the guillotines from china and blades from mexico.  maga   lockthemallup   confirmkavanaugh  wwg1wga   patriotsunited   godblessamerica   godblesstheworld   godblessourmilitary   100thmonkey ,offensive
2928,0, workjams  because she is  everything  buyit ,not-offensive
2929,0, first amendment ,not-offensive
2930,0,  you all need to chill he is having a really abysmal 2nd half. rizzo had an abysmal 1st half. its baseball it happens. does he have things he still needs to work on yes. has the power numbers dropped yes..... but he could bounce back at anytime. ,not-offensive
2931,0,                               my loyal  maga followers need to read this!!! ,not-offensive
2932,0, i have said it before this was  political decision by the ball gov. that in the end will not only finnish the destruction of our wild salmon fishery but will eventually show that it will end up being a gold mine for people like mr antle and all those liberals with a vested interest ,not-offensive
2933,0,  but with an active membership in antifa and a book that looks like the imperial flag of japan. ,not-offensive
2934,0,...or conservatives trying to get bill clinton... you get the idea. ,not-offensive
2935,0, i hope he can get back too ndfour leaf clover days he is a real dawg! ,not-offensive
2936,0, fake. that pic was taken long before the game started. ,not-offensive
2937,0, elmo is antifa ,not-offensive
2938,1, go away you are irrelevant ,offensive
2939,0, I have got this great idea for a phone app though. justwank ,not-offensive
2940,0,    your reply makes no sense ,not-offensive
2941,0, where is boy wonder on gun control? ,not-offensive
2942,0, correct me if i`m wrong wasn`t she playing a women???   who was also a minority who was asian.  the way she is talking she play a man. ,not-offensive
2943,1,     most people do not understand what an assault rifle is!  makes their statements regarding gun control stupid! ,offensive
2944,0, she is fine ,not-offensive
2945,0,   i do not think he is a sociopath.  i think he knows what he did and he knows he is lying. ,not-offensive
2946,0,@ new york yankees you all better start acting like champions because that is what you are i have a lot of student loan debt and plenty of ti ame to come to the bronx to shake yell motivate each and every one of you pinstriped millionaires i believe in you and i am watching ,not-offensive
2947,0,  give me an h give me a  y give me a p give me an of give me a c give me a r give me a i give me a t give me a e give me an s  what is that spell? liberals ,not-offensive
2948,1, maybe we do need gun control. lefties can not handle the responsibility. ,offensive
2949,1, biggest corrupt lying piece of  s***pile of poo there ever was! ,offensive
2950,1,  “blame your opponent of the things you are guilty of”   this pope is a satanist ,offensive
2951,0,    i do not believe in hardening schools. i believe in common sense gun control. ,not-offensive
2952,0,now this is how we maga ,not-offensive
2953,1,  yet another “good guy with a gun....”person facepalming‍female sign️ we need common sense gun control legislation  dosomthing   votethegopout  countryoverparty  documents  alleged mass murderer thought wife was cheating ,offensive
2954,0,    cnn is doing fine. it is just that msnbc is doing great. fox has not grown one iddy biddy tiny bit. same crowd of conservatives  about 3out of 10 people ...so sane people still are a majority ,not-offensive
2955,1, see...it is not gun control we need. it is leftist liberal control. guns do not kill people. idiotic immoral leftists do.  liberalismisamentaldisorder  demsaredangerous  walkaway ,offensive
2956,0,"*chokes laughing*  so,  having considered the excellent work"""" of the  have decided that its such a car crash, and with no certainty over trading, that they will """"temporarily"""" close their plant next year  nichts ist haltbarer als eine temporäre lösung face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy"""" ",not-offensive
2957,0,54  of americans say the nation is on the wrong track. 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
2958,0,  if they do not change course the tories are going to be toast at the next general election.  they do not want to go the way of the canadian conservatives in 1993 who went from being in power with 156 seats to just 2 seats!  ,not-offensive
2959,0,"    bwahahaha work? they are liberal tools,honest work is for the conservatives who they depend on to support their chubby little selves. also,i hear they are getting  50  and free food  to be protesters."""""""" ",not-offensive
2960,0, bro...he is cray mehn ,not-offensive
2961,1," feel free to use it. because unlike your ilk, we do not scream  literalviolence or use dramatic phrases like you are denying my right to exist wahh"""". women like us can take your silliness without crying. knock yourself out   """" ",offensive
2962,0,     the cover and your hair are glorious ,not-offensive
2963,0,  unfortunately in america a system like that would be called racist. liberals believe exams are racist against minority groups. ,not-offensive
2964,0," woman accusing supreme court nominee  kavanaugh of physical and sexual assault should not be ignored or insulted,whitehouse senior counselor  says because a rapist andatempted murderer can not go free because he was 17yrs ,drunk and wanted itexclamation mark️ tcot  pjnet  maga ",not-offensive
2965,0,  further proves antifa members are larping...you clowns not john wick and this not imagination land. ,not-offensive
2966,1, face with rolling eyesshe is not claiming rape! and fbi does not have jurisdiction! the day said they will not do it more than once he is had 6 fbi background checks if there was anything they would have found it also how do you investigate something when complainant does not even know when or where?  maga ,offensive
2967,0, you are all brothers ,not-offensive
2968,0,   so then why was it cool for all the other candidates to discuss issues with russia over multiple decades? ,not-offensive
2969,1, smh nigga that shit gone take us far you tweaked outperson facepalmingmedium light skin tone‍male sign️hundred points ,offensive
2970,0, nigga say he a stretch big skull ,not-offensive
2971,0, why do conservatives always assume that a women making these allegations is lying? ,not-offensive
2972,1,    lisa page confirmed the russia story was passed to the msm as a distraction for gullible liberals to push as a narrative to hinder our duly elected president’s success in office. ,offensive
2973,0, i can not believe how close you got... i am thankful you are ok! ,not-offensive
2974,1, hollywood is packed with pedophiles ,offensive
2975,0,                                                  thank you a.j. thumbs up  i can not sit by and watch  my town being destroyed by liberals. they have used all sorts of tactics to try to destroy me.  i  am small but mighthank you. rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
2976,0, i think she is one of the oddest people i have ever seen. how did she get elected? but then again i find myself asking that about any liberal. person shrugging‍female sign️ ,not-offensive
2977,0, liberals live in fantasy land. ,not-offensive
2978,0,4 uk us deepstate nukes intercepted heading for us cities.  skynews  skypapers  bbcdp  lbc  lbclive  talkradio    altnews  brexit  remain  london  cityoflondon  news  breakingnews  uknews  labour  tories  trump  toryparty  ukip  conservatives  christians  qanon ,not-offensive
2979,0,  get her underoath and if she lies she should go to jail just like everyone else who lies if she is telling the truth she has nothing to worry about ,not-offensive
2980,0,       do not shame your entire country.. you are not mad! ,not-offensive
2981,0,  the funny thing is he is a lewis fan and he has me blocked face with tears of joy which i do not get because i support lewis and i do not know what is got to him but oh well let him throw his toys out laughing out loud ,not-offensive
2982,1, because what every lie you are telling if it happened when you were children the guy is a man and i clearly do not believe shit like that happened. its just another stall tactic by the liberals. ,offensive
2983,0, ah that is shite. can not understand why people go to a football match to do their best impression of a mute.   I am trying for tickets in the kop next chance i get because i assume the main stand has more or less the same atmosphere as the kenny. ,not-offensive
2984,0,  gun control at its finest. if that cop had a gun he would not have been vulnerable to this thug attack. ,not-offensive
2985,0, boycott the nfl ,not-offensive
2986,0, many thinking conservatives know brexit will be a disaster and will not quietly follow you over a cliff. you have not secured a deal and it is looking unlikely without major concessions. no deal not an option. may might have to go for referendum or gen election. so do not talk to soon ,not-offensive
2987,0, goodell should resign. that would be social justice. ,not-offensive
2988,0,  her terms!? wth she is running the show now so kavanaugh's confirmation hearing is being delayed as the liberals want. something is not right.thinking face🤨 ,not-offensive
2989,0, girl you are so bomb smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
2990,1, he is the absolute worse. period. that is all. ,offensive
2991,0,    nicely said mr.redwood !!! ,not-offensive
2992,0, degenerative behaviour creeps onto our sovereignty and justice system ,not-offensive
2993,1, fuck my bad leslie i def added you tho ! laugh my ass off i am give it to ypu now ,offensive
2994,0, nothing was happening behind closed doors because in the end she left him and months later he overdosed. none of ariana’s business. she is not responsible for him ,not-offensive
2995,1,"replace chris collins with anyone but carl paladino""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",offensive
2996,1,  i support jahs blessings on his hussle ....he is d bomb ,offensive
2997,0, behar..are not you jewish?  do you really “not know”...that you are supporting and siding with nazis?  the dems have been running hitler’s playbook for years!  why do new york jews side with nazis ? you speak against israel.. why?  are you pandering in case they do take over? why? ,not-offensive
2998,1,  still a lot of religious conservatives but hopefully beto is getting a bunch of unlikely voters that the polls do not capture. ,offensive
2999,1, ??? what the fuck ?? ,offensive
3000,1, she is a lost soul who has to follow the party line. i also believe she has sold her soul for the lousy 30pieces of silver from the guidance of her horrible mother. ,offensive
3001,0,  amazonpets  this is bonnie she is 2 years old and very friendly she has been through the wars as she got attacked by another dog. she would love to be the face of  amazonpets ,not-offensive
3002,1, hahaha... lunatic liberals are just too busy virtue signaling that they still do not get it. ,offensive
3003,0,  yup basically another dead cat ,not-offensive
3004,0, his gun control skills need work he missed by about a foot and a half. ,not-offensive
3005,0, like the way antifa does? or mad maxine? ,not-offensive
3006,0, you are no longer relevant bob. shut it down. have a great retirement. ,not-offensive
3007,0,  she is attempting to emotionally manipulate canadians  standard behavior for the trudeau “liberals”. ,not-offensive
3008,1, those idiots are fringe right. they are hated by most conservatives. ,offensive
3009,1, he is the worst speaker ever! ,offensive
3010,0, i am a free speech absolutist and i do not care what offends you. you do not have to talk to me.    why do you imagine the world is supposed to be unoffensive?  do you carry this forward with other liberals and chastise them for saying things that offend christians? ,not-offensive
3011,0, all you need to know about the importance of the midterms ,not-offensive
3012,0,        its legal in india and if you adult women only you have to sign it you do not need the other person signature why this rabble rousing in india take it to vatican and ireland etc  take it where it is  banned church preachers not to do abortion even if you are raped?? ,not-offensive
3013,0, labour  swagodking  british conservatives made a grave error protecting viktor orban   via  ,not-offensive
3014,0,    and you say liberals make false promises? how is that wall coming? how is that denuclearization of nk coming? how that “tax break” working out for you? nice ole tariffs we got there huh? but yea keep on saying wild outlandish shit to make you feel better ,not-offensive
3015,0,  looks like gun control is working out well for your sh*t hole country huh?  how are those gun laws working huh? more shootings and murders by gun than america which has more guns than people in brazil ,not-offensive
3016,0, see at this point i do not know if you are making these foods as a joke or if you actually like eating this ,not-offensive
3017,0, hold the damn vote. iowa voter chiming I am here. wuit the damn liberals game and stand up to this crap. ,not-offensive
3018,0, perhaps he believes as did the revolutionaries at the time of the start of our country that the people need protection from a runaway government like the one the liberals are proposing by their actions which would take away your rights. ,not-offensive
3019,0,"fbi could not find trump russia collusion, and neither could bob woodward""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
3020,1,"    i still find it hilarious that people like you think that literally any response to a comment is liberals being upset"""" and that getting a liberal upset is some kind of accomplishment."""" ",offensive
3021,0, good girl  ,not-offensive
3022,1, she is not a cheater. that chair ump robbed her. ,offensive
3023,0, credible only to looney liberals ,not-offensive
3024,0,           i do not ever want to hear conservatives wax poetic about how amazing the founders were when they were willing to throw the constitution under the bus to own the libs. conservatives do not have positions. they do not have rules. they make them and break them just to win. ,not-offensive
3025,0,  why?  he is messed up. ,not-offensive
3026,0,this you all king?  maga ,not-offensive
3027,0,  an antifa apologist journo is now looking for a job that is all you need to know. ,not-offensive
3028,0,  if he is cutting it... no man bun man.. ,not-offensive
3029,0,  the tolerant left ,not-offensive
3030,1," the term parasite"""" has now been added to my list of """"fuck you"""" terms, which also includes the term """"widget""""."""" ",offensive
3031,1, liberals had some sort of mutual masturbation awards show. this is me still not caring.       ,offensive
3032,0, he is as ignorant as it gets ,not-offensive
3033,0, god that is the one we should have used to remove holder. ,not-offensive
3034,0,  she is! ,not-offensive
3035,0,  two years to hand her homework in......and its still last minute and unprepared.  party of businessface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing can not even cobble a contract proposal together in 24 months. would never survive in a real world business.    ,not-offensive
3036,0,"       i am just a reality based results oriented kind of guy...   how it turned out, is what informs my opinion.. not my idealistic dreams ..  all liberals are progressive.. all conservatives regressive.  all within varying degrees relative to their location..   all politics is local"""""""" ",not-offensive
3037,1,  liberals makes america  sicker ,offensive
3038,0,  in case of antifa take a little bat or something. good for you  more of should do that kind of thing. ,not-offensive
3039,1,   you assholes are both going to jail.  what happened to the  94million paid to your company?  mueller knows. ,offensive
3040,0, i could not agree more us conservatives need to take our country back.  maga ,not-offensive
3041,0, and donald trump will never be president ,not-offensive
3042,0, true liberals do ,not-offensive
3043,0,  this proves that liberals only care about these issues when republicans are in control. ,not-offensive
3044,1,  what that you are a coward that can not put your own pic up? yet you feel you can judge others looks? yep I am sure people do call you out on the regular. ,offensive
3045,0, stand your ground conservatives.smiling face with sunglasses ,not-offensive
3046,1, we are so glad we do not know anyone like those miscreant. pitiful bunch. ,offensive
3047,1, seriously?! do you really believe your own crap? why do not you just move on if she is so offensive. this ugly side to you is very unbecomingdisappointed face ,offensive
3048,0,   it is cute you liberals think you can save the world cute but naive. ,not-offensive
3049,0,    he is going to get crushed ,not-offensive
3050,1,  f hope! since he is ‘not smarter than a 5th grader’ maybe she is! ,offensive
3051,1, eric holder will be held accountable. he is pointing the finger away from the crime. time is not on your side eric. looking forward to the collapse of your scandalous time ruining america. ,offensive
3052,0,"    the tenet of our american justice system...accompanies to liberals guilty until proven innocent!"""" ",not-offensive
3053,1, that is a lot of guilt for tucker to take upon himself. surely he is not the only on at fault? ,offensive
3054,1,     there is absolutely no point in debating a liberal. your party has swung so far left and have nothing but hate... all rationale has fleeted your side. trump could create world peace and a utopian society and liberals would still resist for no other reason than your hatred. ,offensive
3055,0, interesting that the gop and even liberals are placing the burden on the accuser. this is not a trial but an examination of whether judge kavanaugh reaches a high enough standard to shape you.s. law for several decades. the burden is on him. ,not-offensive
3056,0,  he shall know your ways as if born to them. ,not-offensive
3057,0, throne 2 while sitting upsideup pinche yayay  ,not-offensive
3058,0, migration advisory committee says immigration has had no impact on infrastructure or services. so could it be  cuts instead? ,not-offensive
3059,1, guess he forgot to walk the liberal plank! ,offensive
3060,0," because you are my 현재  because you are my 현재, so I will cherish every moment with you. you are my past, present and my future."""" still trying my utmost to collect his postcard     link   happyhyunjaeday   believe hyunjae day  너의존재가 기적이야 ",not-offensive
3061,0, everyone in my orbit is totally backing serena today! she is totally validated with her actions and handled it with grace and character. I am sorry for her experience but i feel that respect for her has grown beyond the tennis world raising handsmedium light skin tonetwo hearts ,not-offensive
3062,1, he is a cancer though. suspended for like 3 years and then is late to practice when he is able to play again. can you blame them for cutting him when they suck anyways? ,offensive
3063,0,active shooter middleton wi multiple police agencies respond  maga  trumptrain    keepamericagreat2020  ,not-offensive
3064,0, hеy! i am 21 years old. I am waiting for you hеre backhand index pointing right backhand index pointing left bride with veil kissing face tulip ,not-offensive
3065,0, tuesdaythoughts  seems like twatter has released the kraken on conservatives posting today. wonder why? ,not-offensive
3066,0, diversity makes you stronger ,not-offensive
3067,0, take a stand against all violence!  talk to your antifa friends. ,not-offensive
3068,1, antichrist. the roman catholic church is a house of demons. ,offensive
3069,0, politicslive since the coalition everyone knows if you vote  you a  government  neveragain ,not-offensive
3070,0,  gas bro motor scooterdashing awaydashing awaydashing awaydashing awaydashing away ,not-offensive
3071,0, because conservatism is dying and they know it is. so they are going to try everything in their power to hold on to their perception of what america should look like despite the fact most americans are more centralist liberals. ,not-offensive
3072,1,  i thought you said the nyt was “failing” and “fake news”. so this can not be true  it is made up! ,offensive
3073,0,   as a veteran of the us army i have supported different presidents over different periods of my life. not going to sit back and watch no one man disgrace  america like this. be happy with who you support because he is not good for your country  usa  voteblueandbringafriend ,not-offensive
3074,0, she is ,not-offensive
3075,0,  says the one who has one follower and following two.  i stand by my original text.  demoncraps = communist     exposethedeepstate  enemiesofthestate  militarytribunals  maga  trump  walkaway  q    ,not-offensive
3076,0, amy barrett... come on down... you r the next contestant on the... and the liberals start looking 4 boyfriends she tried 2 rape! ,not-offensive
3077,0, he is spartacus. ,not-offensive
3078,0, count me out if that is the way she behaves to represent women ,not-offensive
3079,1,    what are you doing jeff?  do you think following in mccain's footsteps is a good idea?  you will be known as a traitor too. walk away from the demonrats resistance party liberals evilness.  confirm kavanaugh. ,offensive
3080,1,"    obama claims robust economy belongs to him and pelosi blames bad economy"""" on trump. these dem dolts are schizo."""" ",offensive
3081,1, thanks vince you fucker. no need to hold out and chance that clients miss it. ,offensive
3082,1, almost forgot you was a nigga in ya past life laugh my ass off ,offensive
3083,0,  i hope there is a way to watch it on tv.  ted spanking liberals is always enjoyable. ,not-offensive
3084,0, i have been put on an antifa “hit list” and i am taking the matter very seriously. i have reported to twitter  nothing. group  targets for  maybe of  antifa.  donald trump and candace owens as well. all i have is the twitter handle. thanks folded handslight skin tone ,not-offensive
3085,0,"  how did britain end up upside down in the ditch with all four wheels spinning lazily in the air?""""  how could it not, with the rabid wealth thirsty  drunk on power, at the wheel?   britishtorycarcrash  toriesout"""" ",not-offensive
3086,0,     she is the coolest thing in tennis. way cooler than her opponent tomorrow. by such a long shot.  class  coolaintforsale ,not-offensive
3087,0, just pm you the 1st part of the debate for sunday on gun control and the 2nd adm ,not-offensive
3088,1, liberals drink their own kool aid. they live in these bubbles and they think a lot of people like them.  if they could see themselves how clownish they look and act. ,offensive
3089,0,        thank you. good to see we are trying this approach in addition to others. too often this issue is used as an excuse to tax. please can you report updates when they become known? thanks. thumbs uplight skin tone ,not-offensive
3090,0, all these things you mentioned mean nothing to those of us who love our country! our freedom and country mean more to us than anything of this world  maga  kag ,not-offensive
3091,0, loveforjess i might not know her but many people do so spread the word in hopes that she is. ,not-offensive
3092,0, bravo. down with cnn. ,not-offensive
3093,1, he is competing for worst president again. ,offensive
3094,1, because they have a corrupt liberal government that steals from the people. liberals at work.... ,offensive
3095,0, no ingles.. ,not-offensive
3096,1,are not no pussy good enough to get broke while I am in it ,offensive
3097,1,  everything is a crisis for these conservatives. the only real crisis I have noticed is the complete destruction of the conservative party. ,offensive
3098,0,  guys have bad games. it is the game. it humbles everyone. stafford has been very rusty and inconsistent this year 2 games in. he is missing the long down field passes that flip the game ,not-offensive
3099,0, awesome clapping hands news ,not-offensive
3100,0,  he is a legendface with stuck out tongue   winking eye ,not-offensive
3101,0," this is antifa!!!""""  kicks man into pit """" ",not-offensive
3102,1, he a lunatic democrats politicians like antifa george soros think there money talk but it lunatic dung money dam money they have pay me in gold ,offensive
3103,0, looks like the jokes on liberals again.   forttrump  poland  boomingeconomy ,not-offensive
3104,0, keep your eye on liberals in close quarters. they are very violent and mentally unstable. ,not-offensive
3105,0, you are awesome ,not-offensive
3106,0, right like.... the name thing is odd enough but. in that location as well. ,not-offensive
3107,1, friggen crook. ,offensive
3108,1,   he is dumb and dumber all in one president.  it is a two for one. ,offensive
3109,1,all this is bs. ford is lying!!this has everything to do with delaying the vote...  maga  confirmkavanaughnow  potus ,offensive
3110,0, hey remember those storage bins they recently found full of supplies that were in puerto rico 🇵🇷 but never given out.. ask your mayor ,not-offensive
3111,0, true baby you are my only one baby ,not-offensive
3112,0,woman's car towed away after she claimed to have explosives  authorities in prince george's county investigated a threat wednesday am at joint base andrews.  reports indicate a woman said she had explosives and that she refused to leave.    maga  ,not-offensive
3113,1,  liberals ruin a life does not matter as long as they win in the end! must stop! the have no conscience ,offensive
3114,0,    just because you do not think he is funny does not mean he do not deserve a show or just because he is a man. men work just as hard as women. he been in the business for year's. let the pros handle this ,not-offensive
3115,0,  get her in washington on monday. america first maga ,not-offensive
3116,1,   they are not making fun of the woman. they are making fun of the liberals supporting barbaric tradition of covering a woman’s body with a garbage bag because men might be inclined to rape them at any given moment. ,offensive
3117,1,  well he is really really smart and nothing woodward wrote in is book is true. good lord this is the shit. we see it and hear it everyday all day. did we really need a op ed or a book? ,offensive
3118,0, feinstein's gun control policies would deliver even more school shooting victims. ,not-offensive
3119,1,  something do not seem right about this all year long massive shootings and talk about gun control makes me think the government is behind this crap ,offensive
3120,0,    dude just go straight to the point. you are trying to say that iggy can be bigger than them because she is younger ,not-offensive
3121,0, too late.  antifa ,not-offensive
3122,1, aclu is insane. the antifa democrats are violent and should be declared a domestic terrorist group. ,offensive
3123,0,  good come back. lol!                    maga ,not-offensive
3124,1, she is so old that she is been pushing gun control since the lincoln assassination. ,offensive
3125,0,"  as a gun control leftist    I would rather a child had a responsible parent that locked the front door and did not let her get involved in the neighbors dv.   shir, if the .22 was where she could grab"""" it, but could not leavem she is lucky he did not find it first."""" ",not-offensive
3126,0, boy they are really panicking why what do they have to hide i wat to know do t you  . i do not recall republicans acting like this when obama put two liberals on the court ,not-offensive
3127,1,a little appreciation post for my bestie because she is a bad bitch and I am thankful for hergrowing heart  ,offensive
3128,0,great video by  kanebrown showing his appreciation for our military  westandtogether  maga ,not-offensive
3129,0, of course she is. ,not-offensive
3130,0, oh dear. I am so sorry you are having migraine. i have them as well. sending up prayers for you. red heart️smiling face with smiling eyesrose ,not-offensive
3131,0, lol. my 6 year old is home today ad well and was in tears as she is receiving her star of the week award and will miss out. ,not-offensive
3132,0,  she is a courages patriot ,not-offensive
3133,1, what happened to your kids ? how are they still alive? you are a backstabber and a fraud ,offensive
3134,0, the laughs I have gotten from you are enough. relieved face ,not-offensive
3135,0, relatable ,not-offensive
3136,0, why would someone be videoing ? inside job? flushed face asking for a friend . hope she is ok . ,not-offensive
3137,0," wisdomwednesday    forgiveness says you are given another chance for a new beginning"""".   pray with forgiveness in your heart and you can guarantee an answer to… ",not-offensive
3138,0," did she also say when they do to walk away""""?"""" ",not-offensive
3139,0, yes she did. she has sat in on many public hearings including facebook. she is a ploy ,not-offensive
3140,0,    it is not from antifa. it was a troll created by pol. ,not-offensive
3141,0,  hey the valley guy   thanks for the comment   your right on the mark   just hope the liberals and  get serious about reversing global warming and climate change   get with the real issue of saving our planet and life itself   note  ,not-offensive
3142,1,   says the man who stands against sensible gun control.  hypocrite ,offensive
3143,1,adam schiff saying he is for releasing fisa info just another in a long list of bureaucratic hacks that need to be purged from dc!  please keep doing what your doing to expose these frauds and hypocrites!!  maga  kag2020   qanon   winning  wwg1wga ,offensive
3144,0, soros paid antifa and the like not christian conservatives for sure ,not-offensive
3145,0,  tell b coach fulk says hi! miss that kid! he is a shot blocker! ,not-offensive
3146,0,"south korean official  “leaders will discuss specific denuke measures in pyongyang”""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
3147,0, henry ,not-offensive
3148,0,  thank you! ,not-offensive
3149,1, fast and furious criminal should be behind bars. ,offensive
3150,1, he is so lame outside the cage. killer in the cage ,offensive
3151,0," there are reports cuomo reached deep into his campaign war chest."""" he is definitely spending a lot more this time around.  7.5 million in august on tv ads alone. nixon spent just over  606,000 during the same period. turn out seems like it will be higher than usual. another sign"""" ",not-offensive
3152,1, just plain stupid she thinks she is being clever but come the next ge the public will make the tories pay by casting them into the political dustbin for yrs to come see how smug she is then ,offensive
3153,0, do we get to choose which women go first? ,not-offensive
3154,1, he should be removed with the rest of the islamic invaders. ,offensive
3155,1,  he will lose his entire career?? you people are despicable. i know you do not believe in god but hell will be filled with liberals like you and dianne ,offensive
3156,0, the upside of manga is it can be real cheap. downside is you might get swallowed up by a 400 part series ,not-offensive
3157,0, aw boo you are the best momsparkling heart ,not-offensive
3158,0,  you do know gun control does not mean the public should not have guns it means stricter gun regulations and making the process of acquiring guns harder than it is now you can go to a gun store and get a gun and leave in 22 minuets you can go to a gun show and get one faster ,not-offensive
3159,1,  beware of rightist false flags like the narrative of the ok sign being a white nationalist dog whistle. it is not.  theresistance   resist  bashthefash  antifa  smashfascism ,offensive
3160,0, your just one big sore on the conservatives back side. ,not-offensive
3161,0, partybeforecountry  massmedia conservatives’ war on the press has gotten dangerous — and it is only going to get worse ,not-offensive
3162,0,   blocked me also. i do not even know who he is ,not-offensive
3163,0,      aalayah...i cannot express  enough how proud i am of you and your classmates. i truly believe your hard work will be the turning point in gun control!!it is definitely time for the old white boys club to step aside and listen to the young people who have suffered because of them. ,not-offensive
3164,0, best not stray off message. we need to be using every death to blame guns and push for gun control. talking about actual causes distracts from that. hear no evil monkey  gunsense ,not-offensive
3165,0,  i love the mental attitude you have on these things and how straight up you are about stuff ,not-offensive
3166,0, wow was he wearing his hood when he made that statement? and... antifa? really? ,not-offensive
3167,0, why do all liberals look like they are eating sour grapes?? ,not-offensive
3168,0, kamalaharris the new dem emperor with no clothes taxpayers funded ‘unprecedented’ armed protection for gun control sen. kamala harris via  ,not-offensive
3169,0, parklandkids misappropriated the phrase  neveragain in order to do exactly the opposite of what it originally stood for.  ,not-offensive
3170,0, and we have the right  nottowatch ,not-offensive
3171,0,  so says the man who is turning california into a third world country. ,not-offensive
3172,1,6 people are dead after shooting spree in california                       so those thoughts and prayers are working good for gun control ,offensive
3173,0,  i much prefer the latter option. ,not-offensive
3174,0,  well said sorry geoff you are wrong absolutely no comparison ,not-offensive
3175,0, liberals and conservatives judge eachother on the actions of their worst characters. liberals have in large quantities showcased a blatant hypocrisy today that will allow more people to write their ideas off because of the hypocrisy. ,not-offensive
3176,1,   we all know it is not even close to bribery. she is using that term to defend her disgusting and disgraceful decision to vote with her party over the american people. i have to wonder how much she is getting paid for the yes vote. ,offensive
3177,0,   i believe you are who you say you are. ,not-offensive
3178,0, aim higher! ,not-offensive
3179,0,   maga  kag  trump2020  trump=hero  trump=leader  weluvtrump 🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
3180,0,   you want to rephrase that? i think you are talking about the u6 number? ,not-offensive
3181,0, familyprotection  gun control supporters are once again rebranding their efforts  we are on facebook @ livingtrust   free california  ccw class   plus virtually unlimited free training at front sight  world's largest shooting school   ,not-offensive
3182,1,  make yourself useful and  go bury your head in the sand. ,offensive
3183,0, they are both guilty of criminal behavior and they know it.  folded handslight skin tone god removes any and all barriers to getting the truth from them!  maga ,not-offensive
3184,0, he is older but that is before the cooley days ,not-offensive
3185,1, lmbo! she is like pelosi. she thinks she important because she is a female. she is a destriment to society and real women! ,offensive
3186,1, you niggas spend on us and we get used to it. i hate to admit it but half the things my boyfriend does for me i can not do for myself face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
3187,1, amenadiel's were my favorite. the massive triangle shape... the actor being hot.... the big connection spots.... kisses my fingertips ,offensive
3188,0,lots of info coming out today!  patriotsunite   patriotsfight   wwg1wga   growthenetwork   makeamericagreatagain   keepamericagreat  thegreatawakening   thestormisuponus   theeyeofthestorm  maga   kag   iloveamerica   hundred points🇺🇸eagle.   ,not-offensive
3189,0,  conservatives characterize an attempted rape allegation as “bullsh*t” then wonder why liberals describe them as anti woman.  the right thing to do is properly investigate the allegation. if she lying then prosecute her. if she is telling the truth kavanaugh should not be confirmed. ,not-offensive
3190,0, well done clapping handslight skin tone ,not-offensive
3191,0, bono is gone to the dark side ..globalism ,not-offensive
3192,0, what happened to flash? i hope he is healthy ,not-offensive
3193,0,     meme was circulated during times antifa rioted and the left either ignored or celebrated them and of course not fool. ,not-offensive
3194,0,  hope she comes back home safe may god protect  her whr  ever she is ,not-offensive
3195,1," evidently they do not care that their study"""" is flawed from the start. they just parrot the misleading info from everytown and all the other leftist gun control addicts sites."""" ",offensive
3196,0,  one imagines you are being sarcastic. one worries that you are not. ,not-offensive
3197,1," you might as well go to your walmart cashier to get info on nuclear fusion as go to nbc for gun info. with the crap the media feeds these empty brains it is no wonder we have gun control cultists and universal background checks""""  gunsense  guncontrolnow  guncontrol"""" ",offensive
3198,0,                  🇺🇸keep the red wave rising🇺🇸 help to promote and follow all 🇺🇸🇺🇸  maga 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 god bless the united states of america 🇺🇸  🇺🇸god bless our armed forces 🇺🇸 🇺🇸god bless  potus 🇺🇸 🇺🇸  maga 🇺🇸 or be gone!  help  kag ,not-offensive
3199,0, laugh my ass off what a joke he is. ,not-offensive
3200,0, this is the kind of thing that liberals want. a totalitarian society where tweets are grounds for examinations. ,not-offensive
3201,1,"     i do not know about soros, but i do know that some on the right"""" do use the actions of a few  antifa  to play identity politics and claim all on the """"left"""" are violent   and that is not helpful for anyone, is it?"""" ",offensive
3202,1, she is incredibly stupid and perhaps the reason why she was chosen to ‘entropy‘ the trade talks. trudeau will destroy everything of reason in canada. would you allow a terrorist destroy canada? then why have trudeau? ,offensive
3203,0, deep state coup not working? ,not-offensive
3204,0, he is on the maintenance screen ,not-offensive
3205,0,6lack just made it on my sex playlistloudly crying faceloudly crying facefirefire baby wam wherever you are get ready to get pregnant because wowloudly crying faceloudly crying facefire ,not-offensive
3206,1,    empty your mind and god shall speak. to you? through you? if you are wise increase in abundance. but surely I am a fool who has not seen the most powerful who has ascended? or descended? how times are rare but his messages are absolute. ,offensive
3207,1, can somebody please put him back in his coffin. ,offensive
3208,0,  when exactly did you adopt malam? you have a catalog of articles as plain old bolaji and became malam because of politics and you are pleading facts here. please ,not-offensive
3209,1, where were these morons when the groper trudeau and his lying liberals stomped all over our charter with their values test? where was holt renfrew’s favourite shopper horwath? premier ford is trying to save taxpayers money! maybe that is what bugs horwath?? ,offensive
3210,1, roseannebarr never hid her  racism inexcusable but we know  liberals sunk her because of  muslimbrotherhood comment  priorities  blacklivesmatter we must  unite to end  racism.  roseannebarr has been an open  racist for decades. 100 inexcusable.  pcliberals  wakeup end  racism ,offensive
3211,1,  maybe consider this instead theresa may is not real name. she is annette johnson a mediterranean and the conservatives are now a terrorist org. sod chequers hear no evil monkeysmiling face with halowhite medium star️rainbowwhite medium star️ ,offensive
3212,1, is the brainchild of    he is playing dirty against  and jen is using her ill gotten money against  mailer linking nixon to anti semitism was approved by top cuomo aides ,offensive
3213,1, what was an abuse of power was all the crap you and the hussein gang pulled off.  your big contribution was the fast and furious caper to bring in gun control in strict contravention of the 2nd amendment.  but do not worry.  justice is coming for you and barry’s band of outlaws. ,offensive
3214,0,    back then antifa was called the kkk. they were a known muscle of the democratic party ,not-offensive
3215,0,   face with tears of joy you are so extra. ,not-offensive
3216,0,benidorm white heavy check mark  creamfields white heavy check mark  maga white heavy check mark   not too shabby of a summer ,not-offensive
3217,0,  confession. i was pregnant with your child after our second makeout. he is 7 years old tomorrow. ,not-offensive
3218,0, i bet he is confused face ,not-offensive
3219,0, good for her! ,not-offensive
3220,0,   there is a big risk  for      many conservatives will drift and stick to parties like aust conservatives that will emerge to cater for this growing dissatisfaction. ,not-offensive
3221,0,  she is so far up in the clouds she is long since forgotten what common sense is let alone how the american people feel she is just another michael bloomberg trying to push her views on everyone else and the state she represents ,not-offensive
3222,0,  from some resist dork that probably refers to the potus as frump or drump or tfrump?  i will refer to her however i please.  frankly she is ms. psychotic leftist activist lunatic dr. ford.  better now? ,not-offensive
3223,1, aye niggaeyes ,offensive
3224,0,     I am sure most patients would prefer to be treated in a professional and transparent manner by the nhs rather than being packed off to some carpet bagging health company hoping to squeeze a shareholder dividend out of an essential public service monopoly. ,not-offensive
3225,1,   how the fuck can he detect an attitude through a text bubble? ,offensive
3226,1, holy fuck I am so sorry someone violated your trust like that ,offensive
3227,0,   out on the next tide would be more appropriate ,not-offensive
3228,0,  she is so gorgeous  face blowing a kissface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
3229,1,   please can i have some of whatever it is you have been smoking?  that is some top quality shit you are coming out with. ,offensive
3230,0,  go head and switch from nike to gun control now ,not-offensive
3231,0,   yeah sorry girl but he is right if you actually look up the history. they were created in la to fight back against violence by bloods crypts ,not-offensive
3232,1, by which point the fuckingclass was nearly over... lol! ,offensive
3233,0, he is so talented! ,not-offensive
3234,0,    student loan debt relief  increase minimum wage  stronger gun control laws  reforms for election process  stronger environmental protections  affordable housing for everyone  stronger protections for women's rights  net neutrality ,not-offensive
3235,0, becoming..... a woman? ,not-offensive
3236,1, what the earthy fuck is racket abuse??????  a fake ass penalty. have you ever put down the donuts and watched a men's match?????? ,offensive
3237,0,"  she is so cute!  and only for 2 days!"""""""" ",not-offensive
3238,1, goodell is one of the worst things that has ever been unleashed on pro sports.  useless!!! ,offensive
3239,0, they can not talk about what trump is doing because he is doing everything that he promised.  the economy is better than ever. if the congress will do their job and get rid of the crooks at the fbi doj and cia and appoint a special prosecuter and start arresting and prosecuting ,not-offensive
3240,0, besides jax’s mom and maybe ope he is hands down my favorite he is like the only good person on the show face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
3241,1, a hypocritical stance. ,offensive
3242,1, hope they bankrupt soon ,offensive
3243,0,  she hardly tweets unless its to give a shoutout to getup or antifa it seems. ,not-offensive
3244,0,  well i was born in “69” dude!! ,not-offensive
3245,1,  if brookee baldwin and erin burnett start showing cleavage to their boobies cnn just might. ,offensive
3246,0,maga thumbs up keeping america great thumbs up ,not-offensive
3247,0, because the cost of seats is too high. still on that kneeling thing are we? ,not-offensive
3248,1, booo.  hooo hoo  who raised these spoiled brats ? ,offensive
3249,0,                                                 there is something very wrong with her. she went ballistic when i wrote something that did not suite her. accusing me of very bad things. she is dangerous. ,not-offensive
3250,1, internet sucks sometime ,offensive
3251,0,   listen to general flynn speech.  read his plea deal   wwg1wga  maga  therainmakers  qanon  qarmy ,not-offensive
3252,0,                woke bible readings from midwest antifa. ,not-offensive
3253,1, !maybe she was fucking hungry!!! no one knows what kind of home life she has! my goodness  she is a child and this officer could have handled this better. sorry he needs to be fired ,offensive
3254,1,  i have a better idea                      mr guterriz or whatever his name is should resign and go the hell back to wherever the hell his people came from for the sake of this country!!!!!! ,offensive
3255,0, good idea. they need to protect our borders more than they need to be overseas. ,not-offensive
3256,0,   it is not my fault you support gun control ,not-offensive
3257,0,  did you serve?   you rate at bottom of the barrel pal. maga. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸go president trump. ,not-offensive
3258,0,. 15 minutes ago vs. liberals just minutes later.  cdnpoli ,not-offensive
3259,1, we have the real facts......you suck pussy grabber mother fucker ,offensive
3260,0,      toffee? face savouring delicious food ,not-offensive
3261,1,   I would point out he is an australian and we do not have free speech like in the us. and we do have hate speech laws which people have been convicted under. this is skirts it enough to hint and point out but room to deny. ,offensive
3262,0, face with tears of joy he is the ultimate tease ,not-offensive
3263,0,  straightfire needs to win tonight. she is the rightful women’s champion.  hiac ,not-offensive
3264,0,                                         just blocked a 4th.  so much easier and you know it drives them nuts rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
3265,0,    well i just saw this and clicked on bens link to see who he is and he has me blocked and I have never heard of him before. ,not-offensive
3266,0,  dude why do you want  deepstate documents to be kept secret?  maga   lockthemup ,not-offensive
3267,0, getting exactly what they deserved ,not-offensive
3268,1, i think she is the one mad.  she did not like being called out so she is trying to make them bully me. smiling face with open mouth   closed eyes ,offensive
3269,0,  no thanks open borders gun control this is not texas ,not-offensive
3270,1,     oh it is ok because 45 reversed the most important issue on mental health he got rid of the mental health conditions on gun control. great job! what a guy! he is a liar proven over and over again. but you worship away that is your right ,offensive
3271,1,  well she is half right... she is shit ,offensive
3272,0,"   he is by definition an antagonist in certain canons, but by no means an objective villain overall. frankly, they put effort in the franchise to make players viewers sympathize with the character, even when he was the bad guy.""""   so,,,arguable either way i guess"""" ",not-offensive
3273,0,2 teump haters together   only extreme liberals watch ,not-offensive
3274,0, my d better now! prescott booty meat smh ,not-offensive
3275,1,                     ya too bad the democrats had to bring back nazi tactics and nazi brown shirts in the form on antifa ,offensive
3276,0, you deserve it !!!! ,not-offensive
3277,1, hollywood is full of demonic democrats. ,offensive
3278,1, was she physically threatening the boys or us? was she completely slandering their name? no she was not. i am honestly not for her saying that shit ya of course. like ya she said it and fucked up. but at least she owned up to it and apologized. but death threats is way out of line. ,offensive
3279,0,   i assume the uk conservatives are also massively against early years assessments? ,not-offensive
3280,1, just keep saying fast and furious! holder the man that planned gun control by handing out weapons to criminal cartels... sounds like a great guy to run a justice department because he will work with anyone including criminals to fill his own agenda instead of that of the people! ,offensive
3281,0,  i will get on my knees and thank god that people love america. ,not-offensive
3282,0,"  I am waiting for the snow flake conservatives"""" to become transparent in the scotus process."""" ",not-offensive
3283,1,   do not know who he is and do not really care.... some rich dude that probably hates our president and our country... ,offensive
3284,0,   i am sure she is his “good friend”if he talks like an antisemite walks like an antisemite and acts like an antisemite then he is.... surprise!   not really surprised ,not-offensive
3285,1, fuckin great brother. i just laughed like a little girl. “grab your balls” stay in the trade ,offensive
3286,0, I am so sorry for your loss and for everyone blaming you yet it was out of your control. you are still an amazing person keep your head up. ,not-offensive
3287,0, think probely i think she is getting something out of it ..maybe money ,not-offensive
3288,1," and, he proved that all the gun control"""" laws does not stop anyone willing to break the law. he could have just as easily shot a colleague or student.  or, several.  lax enforcement of existing laws and criminal minds ignoring laws are the real problem.  but, democrats know that."""" ",offensive
3289,0, aj nahin to kal tum ko bi marna hy you are bad thinking ,not-offensive
3290,1, please do not make the same mistake with  kavanaugh! he is a perjurer who is also a trump lackey.  votenoonkavanaugh ,offensive
3291,0, hooray!! ,not-offensive
3292,1," libdemconf shows me that  are absolutely void of constructive ideas for the myriad problems the uk faces, and begging  and  moderates"""" is not the answer. thatcher was right, the parrot is dead."""" ",offensive
3293,1, this all i get crying face damn these haters deleting you ig for no reason... ,offensive
3294,1, this whole thing has been a sham from the start! ,offensive
3295,1, liberals +  conservatives=  neoliberalism and  globalization and all of its discontents   ppp  corporatewelfare dilution of  constitutional rights freedoms and  justice  sociopolieconfinancial  corruption and particratic  collusion of  cdnpoli ticians for 1 ers!  ,offensive
3296,1, he is got his wee fake tap fae turkey on to prove how loyal he is. ,offensive
3297,0,   but then they add in maverick who goes against every reason why they nerfed iq who has been a player most of the player base do not use.. however bcoz pl players who play this game religiously can use her.. all of a sudden she is too op for the whole community.. thinking facethinking face ,not-offensive
3298,0, some days you are louis winthorpe iii before he met ophelia. ,not-offensive
3299,0, awww we are going to miss you    ,not-offensive
3300,0,  free milk is a health issue not an education one. it is nothing to do with the education budget. ,not-offensive
3301,0,  which has no bearing at all on how he will vote on abortion and gun control and the president's legal issues. ,not-offensive
3302,0,    what you are witnessing are the conservatives not being the silent majority anymore...we are speaking out against haters like you and lies you are spreading...the fascists and communists are you. ,not-offensive
3303,0,krav maga defcon wuppertal @ body masters ,not-offensive
3304,1," conservatives, if you are not a gun"""" person, i believe you need to become one. if these november elections do not go well for the dishonest dems, i think the violence will get worse. all conservatives will need to be able to defend themselves and their loved ones."""" ",offensive
3305,1, flat out clown....bottom  line is that you are out and america is back!!  you were a sellout to the country ...look in the mirror who is the 8 year old.. ,offensive
3306,0,1 positive   trump is mobilizing  democrats and  liberals like never b 4 get involved!  neveragain  resist  impeachtrump  muellertime ,not-offensive
3307,0,this should  remind all  patriots  maga what we stand against!  wwg1wga  shocking undercover video exposes communists inside government  “i break rules every day”   sara a. carter ,not-offensive
3308,1, he orchestrated provoked it so that he could cry that he was the victim of a yet another conspiracy...he is such desperate weirdo. ,offensive
3309,0, he is as slimy as that hair do not! ,not-offensive
3310,0, exactly why ca district 23 should kick old moneybags  mccarthy out!  vote for  responsible gun control! vote against nra! vote for the safety of californians!  matta4congress   sendmccarthypacking   cadeservesbetter ,not-offensive
3311,1, she is so fake ,offensive
3312,0,   you do scare americans with   yo your fake dem platform. it is mainly  yo your corrupt gop ethics being ok with  supporting pedofiles treason and voter suppression and the like. dems actually want improved health care for all sensible gun control humane immigration policies and to help all not just 1 ers ,not-offensive
3313,0,  are you still dating jj from “goodtimes “???dyn of mite ,not-offensive
3314,0, the war on free speech = antifa and tech giants ,not-offensive
3315,1, yea jeff should go. antifa is a terrorist organization ,offensive
3316,0,   not by the tea leaves you use by simple logic. you know that thing that comes from common sense.  right no you do not know.  winning deplorables maga god bless you. ,not-offensive
3317,1,  racist all she is. my god less then 10  of population and cry crying cat face more then other 90 put together. trump doing a great job just because he got white skin ya do not need hate on him over and over and over ,offensive
3318,1, you are some basic white girl who clearly did not know any of them personally and it is awful what has happened to mac so why do not you pay respect to that instead of being disgusting and blaming another innocent human in something that has nothing to do with them. ,offensive
3319,1, because only the unhinged liberals that are scared they will not be able to murder their babies are demanding this. the other normal rational people with common sense can see this is just a fake accusation to stall. ,offensive
3320,1,  omg no. you have no idea what the fuck you are saying. it is like a pink sheet stock that keeps reverse splitting. will eventually be worthless to everyone. but hey may keep dreaming. we all need dreams. ,offensive
3321,0,  keith did you talk about antifa and your support? ,not-offensive
3322,1, yes bitch loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face ,offensive
3323,1, ...with his stubby little arm. ,offensive
3324,1, he really needs to go. talks out of both sides of his mouth. kiss ass ! ,offensive
3325,1,"3  you simply gloss right over the silly emotional female, and her nothing problem. then you delete this as you realize how horrible it is,  or perhaps someone told you , but somehow it is the fault of the liberals,"""" who might misinterpret what you wrote in plain english."""" ",offensive
3326,0,  this can only help the conservatives unify!  face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
3327,1, go away ,offensive
3328,0, i heard they actually are going to cgi an antifa flag now. you know. for accuracy ,not-offensive
3329,0, crazy russian dude owns all your data ,not-offensive
3330,1, that is really insulting because there are a lot of latinos like me and there are a lot black conservatives who believe in god. we are not crackheads nor are we uneducated. these celebrities are garbage who know only how to read from a script that is all. ,offensive
3331,0," oh she does. just a chunk missing. some bone may be showing.  I will be alright, kogasa. just... help me get back to our home.""""  that much is true. she is not like her normal self. and she is much more aggressive. she is just going to kneel on kogasa for support, though."""" ",not-offensive
3332,1, it is because you are evil!! ,offensive
3333,1,"  hey  the only men"""" not doing the right thing are  liberals and  democrats       rapists, abusers and criminals.  so you can kiss my white a   ",offensive
3334,0, corrupt pr government and others are where you look and you know it gutierrez. ,not-offensive
3335,0,    what i  saw him do in tc show was nothing short of amazing!  he is willing to take the fight to them and not allow them over power the conversation.  that is why tc said slow down!! ,not-offensive
3336,0,  no fans left. ,not-offensive
3337,1, it appears to be paired with a woo hoo so he must think he is on his way to a brothel. ,offensive
3338,0,  you sound like the nra saying it is too soon to talk about gun control. if they were close to car as you say they would have seen the perp. stop making excuses. the child is the victim here.   if there are ppl who do not know—  parents never leave  your child unattended in a car. ever. ,not-offensive
3339,0,             we have also written a post about 5 metrics to measure the success of your b2b podcast  ,not-offensive
3340,0, democrats started the kkk and antifa. sheep no more.  wwg1wga!!! ,not-offensive
3341,1, what the actual fuck..ill report them this is so fucked up ,offensive
3342,0,calif buys more  maga ,not-offensive
3343,1, i loved her since victorious. she was my first girl crush but when i first heard the way i became a hardcore stan. ,offensive
3344,0, law breakers love these liberals ,not-offensive
3345,1, for lying? how much is the dnc soros antifa paying her? how is your chinese spy doing? ,offensive
3346,0, you are not alone here. i did not like the last jedi a bit more than force awakens. cannot talk about solo because did not see it. but rouge one is the other star wars under disney that was good. ,not-offensive
3347,1, you know scott does not care about gun control. he has done nothing to help our children fight for gun valance stoppage in america. vote to help our kids in school. vote dem. trump lied to them with him . ,offensive
3348,0, the antifa of the muslim world ,not-offensive
3349,0," easy for him to say   he gets brownie points"""" for this without having to do any negotiating and if it goes sour, he gets to accuse the federal liberals whom he hates.  good politics, dougie!"""" ",not-offensive
3350,0, he is nothing but a fruit cake i can not believe i like him at one time ,not-offensive
3351,1, laugh my ass off i have it too. shitty quality but i do not mind it either. the lowlands one sounds better thumbs uplight skin tone ,offensive
3352,1,                    jaws v  when jaws jaws back   starring kurt chiselchest and lorna buxom  whud i win?  it better not be one of them laser swords...jess will b jealous. ,offensive
3353,0, thank you for seeing the light.  stopkanavaugh please vote no. he is not ok!!! help save our democracy 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
3354,1,  oh wow! you look like a 1980's porn star  loveit ,offensive
3355,1,  you defending sex offenders shows you for who you are.  i do not waste my time with your types ,offensive
3356,1,  askally please tell me something what should i do to help my mom when she is at home with a broken leg because she is in hospital now with a broken leg loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face ,offensive
3357,1,  he is a total phony. ,offensive
3358,0,   like liberals push more gun control laws to suppress our right to own arms? ,not-offensive
3359,1, smack the shit outta her face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
3360,1,  why ! do the gun control people believe legal owners are not following current laws ? you fools. it is about making the citizens of the usa defenseless. ,offensive
3361,0,    if this clown had his way we all would be working for  3ph so he can get bigger entitlements paid for by us. how out of touch this fool is. i hope his electorate works out what a joke he is.  auspol ,not-offensive
3362,1, i fucking love this!!!! so so true.  and actually it is in those types of jobs you will learn the most ,offensive
3363,0, he obviously does not care. ,not-offensive
3364,0, he is a blast to watch ,not-offensive
3365,1, you are a cheater casey! ,offensive
3366,1, you are a bad ass! keep fighting for us two hearts ,offensive
3367,0,  is not this from the saul alinsky book  rulesforradicals or  favorite book antifa handbook ,not-offensive
3368,0, in legislature you are very rude. you are out of mind  and out of control...take some pills to relax....you fight for councillors salary of 115k . did you ever fight for my salary? get lost. ,not-offensive
3369,1, until its your ass in the hot seat   walkaway  wwg1wga  pizzagate  qanon  hivites  maga  eagleonetowanta    . ,offensive
3370,0, how about we rally behind a blue wave and parse policy after. the country is in danger. you are not helping. you are speaking from a place of  whiteprivilege stop ,not-offensive
3371,0, do not expect common sense from liberals. ,not-offensive
3372,0,   first of all— they do not even have pizza at panera ,not-offensive
3373,0,                                                  of course anthony ,not-offensive
3374,0,   stop giving me quotes start giving me facts that prove gun control will work ,not-offensive
3375,1, holy shit thank you so much. up until the mine craft i that that because it was not on tv anymore that it had ended. i was very very wrong. ,offensive
3376,0, sesamestreet  does this mean we can expect to see outraged conservatives burning their children's toys in protest? and what about big bird and snuffy??? i always thought there was a little something going on there... ,not-offensive
3377,1,"  climate change is a myth. gun control is unconstitutional. gestapo?"""" what a stupid thing to say. they are upholding laws that have been on the books since 1996. dumbasses"""" ",offensive
3378,1, croatian president's bikini photos worlds hottest president ever ,offensive
3379,0,  geez  i hope british labour is better than australian labor  can not see daylight between them and the conservatives  neoliberal to a tee  they say they are not   we will see which way they go in december . . popularist at every turn   self interest! ,not-offensive
3380,0,  completely agree.  the political legacy of cameron and osbourne will be overlooked because of the eu debacle. how they took the country from £158bn deficit and kept everything running was a political miracle. ,not-offensive
3381,0, what ad hominem. he is paid by the e cigarettes industry. in what universe people tend to be neutral when it gets to their paycheck. get anything out there and it will be cited. not everybody knows the truth about people motivations. welcome to planet earth when money talks ,not-offensive
3382,0, she is gorgeous ,not-offensive
3383,0,         I will be running for the  selection.  need to wait a few more weeks for that! slightly smiling face ,not-offensive
3384,1, john podesta is a spirit cooking pedo. here is a photo of him and valerie jarrett in a rather compromising situation.   maga  qanon  drainthedeepstate  draintheswamp ,offensive
3385,1,   that head flick at 0 05 is her ego taking a hit. she cannot take criticism. she is a weak incompetent authoritarian. ,offensive
3386,0, I am black and what you are telling me is that i can be in my own dwelling and you can just walk in and kill me. no that is not it.  let us run a smear campaign even though I am the victim. this rage i feel has to be settled down with love but i will be at the next rally. i promise. ,not-offensive
3387,1, and it is always during active play! sit your butt down people! ,offensive
3388,0,"  soldier""""   ??    more like antifa scum bag"""" ",not-offensive
3389,0,                                                glad you are ok ,not-offensive
3390,1,a bitch just be minding her business person tipping handmedium skin toneface with tears of joy ,offensive
3391,0,                                                 and you? do you knowwhat antifa stands signifies? ,not-offensive
3392,0,"chris christie  kavanaugh allegations 'extraordinarily unfair'""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
3393,0, you are too cute and adorable to handle....... such a cutie....... how can i let you go lobe you my love 4ever. ....... ,not-offensive
3394,0,    you knowmandni know you are on the verge from my education satochi data ,not-offensive
3395,0,  he is so adorable. i hope his birthday was wonderful ,not-offensive
3396,0, me bro ,not-offensive
3397,0, i hope they were reporting on gun control ,not-offensive
3398,1, hmmm it is almost like gun control laws do not work. which means that there must be something more than guns that are the problem..... ,offensive
3399,0,       typical response from liberals when you are making a strong statement that is hard to argue with...megaphone.bot!! great debate angie.   maga ,not-offensive
3400,0, man can we hang out you are hilarious ,not-offensive
3401,0, so much for gun control...not to be incentive. but really. just saying ,not-offensive
3402,1,     chicago has strict gun control laws but the highest gun violence rate detroit was owened by unions and is now bankrupt cali has the second highest welfare rate and is now the homeless capital of the developed world. ,offensive
3403,0,   antifa  the anarchist who wants to abolish government... by joining it ,not-offensive
3404,0, funny that she actually hears dog whistles... i think that says something about her. poodle ,not-offensive
3405,0,     and you are who to speak for the rest of us? ,not-offensive
3406,0, you are the coolest ,not-offensive
3407,1, absolutely nfw. ,offensive
3408,1,  forget that  called  a con man and a kkk supporter...she actually voted  for  does not that sum up how truly unqualified she is for florida ,offensive
3409,0," i do like your tweets!, but maybe you should be more focused on consolidating them and sending fewer out, i miss many of them and you leave yourself open to the new liberal fascist movement antifa?"""""""" ",not-offensive
3410,0,a new bill aims to send masked antifa activists to jail for 15 years  ,not-offensive
3411,0,and the hits just keep on coming from the democrats. the desperation is palpable.  despicabledemocrats  factsmatter  msmedialies  maga  republicans2018   trump2020  bigredwave  bluepuddle   potus **follow like  usaguard    on twitter** share! ,not-offensive
3412,0, did every other comedian suddenly die? ,not-offensive
3413,1, but tinubu is supporting this monster against us. the biggest yoruba traitor of the modern days yoruba politics is tinubu! ,offensive
3414,0, so these parkland students are a joke they were hijacked from sanity by these gun control freakazoids at the get go and their parents let them ,not-offensive
3415,1,    you lied you do not know about the mulford act.    ,offensive
3416,1, yo why will not you let me post a link fam... does it offend you? you little salty spittoon... you literally allow porn such as  but you do not allow federal shit...  censorship  confirmkavanaugh  confirmkavenaugh  maga ,offensive
3417,1, she is an alec puppet. if they do not move the string on her back that works her mouth then she does nothing. ,offensive
3418,1, he is dead so um irrelevant and he was murdered. ,offensive
3419,0, the beauty of the marketplace of ideas is no one is forced to bite their tongue or to cheer unless they so choose. ,not-offensive
3420,1, eric holder should be in prison !! ,offensive
3421,0,  now the woman has not responded to many attempts to be contacted about whether or not she is going to show up monday to testify. i thought she wanted to “ be heard” all of a sudden! ,not-offensive
3422,1, what is wrong with dead  antifa?  i do not understand i thought the only good antifa was.... ,offensive
3423,0,    i want him to rest 4ever      he is such a sleepy baby      ,not-offensive
3424,0, she already proved she has not a clue about things she is legislating so really have no interest in her comments or opinion. ,not-offensive
3425,0,    they are if you support gun control ,not-offensive
3426,1,  it makes my skin crawl just looking at this woman   theresa may is a liability to our nation and  and must be removed as soon as possible ,offensive
3427,0, why why why have you let feinstein stop the vote for judge kavanaugh with a coney letter she had since july and have you seen the letter. she is not someone to talk after her 20yr spy no one has investigated ,not-offensive
3428,0, does  that mean you will not be bullying women who support trans people? bet you last ten minutes. you are a transphobe. ,not-offensive
3429,0, taxpayers funded ‘unprecedented‘  armed protection for  guncontrol sen.  kamalaharris | breitbart via  ,not-offensive
3430,1, the unhinged republican party i have a question why do you want the wall and not gun control in america  when a illegal immigrant does something the unhinged republican party talk about the wall but when a school shooting happens the unhinged republican party is mute ,offensive
3431,0, you guys have featured splendidrainco's etsy page and she is being censored by etsy now. you can not find her site through the search engine you have to have a direct link. and according to her instagram post they have been basically leaving her out to dry. ,not-offensive
3432,0,                                                 antifa are nothing but terrorists.  antifa  antifaareterrorists ,not-offensive
3433,0, amazing how many people voted guilty before proven innocent. lots of liberals are voting in this poll obviously. ,not-offensive
3434,0,    I am not affiliated with any party. you do not care if he is innocent or not. you are just a party jackoff.   see how that works. ,not-offensive
3435,0, i can not understand why anyone will not want to see these docs in open light. you liberals think the russian investigations is the big deal. as a american i truly believe the subversion of a elected president by our justice department and the fbi is far worse for our country. ,not-offensive
3436,0,"  it used to mean the permanent powers that be"""", the """"oligarchy"""" powers.  now, for """"conservatives"""" it is become like """"antifa"""", it is an amorphous, faceless, everchanging cast of characters used to throw shade at anyone who """"opposes"""" trump. jerome corsi sold this lie best, recently."""" ",not-offensive
3437,1,      you must be talking about hateful conservatives. ,offensive
3438,1, indeed her @ is danikaharrod go follow her because she is the cutest and shitposts from tdp sometimes jhdsfhjsg ,offensive
3439,1, so much ass tho ,offensive
3440,1, hanoijane fonda campaigns for gun control measure  will it backfire?     liberty park press ,offensive
3441,1,     bs.  no we do not support gun control.  we support  2a that says shall not be infringed.  go read some history and find out why.  you are part of the reason. ,offensive
3442,0, we do not need to talk about gun control  we need to talk about criminal control. ,not-offensive
3443,0, trump and rudy talk not finding collusion in all stories that have nothing to do with collusion.  they know it has been found. laughing out loud ,not-offensive
3444,1, i was informed that your process takes up to 10 business days to transfer credit from an expired myki card to an active cards   wtf!!!??? 🤪  do you people use computers?????  whatajoke ,offensive
3445,0, just make sure you have another one to march out there when this one gets laughed at ok? think ahead liberals   or should we just back off because she is a female? ,not-offensive
3446,1,  is the vulgar antifa creep trying to look like a woman..or is it that he just can not help it? ,offensive
3447,0,  what does that have to do with anything at all? face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing the level of discourse from liberals is embarrassing ,not-offensive
3448,0, you are agent of  crypt  agentofchaurch . so do not speak on temples.    ,not-offensive
3449,0,    here is 7  ,not-offensive
3450,0,                 is the blind man  a fash that antifa needs to thrash? beating up blind guys is over the top! ,not-offensive
3451,0,"  just remember it took mark felt 30 years before he would admit he was deep throat"""". these denials r meaningless"""" ",not-offensive
3452,0,  i think we have to confer with messiah. i think only she is powerful enough to turn this tide. she did empower him to win the last two majors. ,not-offensive
3453,0, lie detector test?  no such thing.  if you mean polygraph   it does not detect  lies or truths   yes  kavanaugh should ask for an fbi investigation into dr fords history ,not-offensive
3454,0, i love the 'so far to the left that they place themselves in opposition to the left' people.  it is a bit like the far right who hate conservatives and israel. ,not-offensive
3455,1,   10 says he she is white. any other white people notice how many shitty white people there are or am i the only one who sees this? ,offensive
3456,0,  google needs to lose its 501 3c privlages. ,not-offensive
3457,1, then haul your fat ass in harms way you druggie!!! ,offensive
3458,1, bull crap! ,offensive
3459,0, no way! she is! ,not-offensive
3460,1, then your going to get bitten ,offensive
3461,0,  he is protecting america.  shame on trump and gop. ,not-offensive
3462,0, maybe the reason you are gaining so many subs is because you are a hard working awesome youtuber  d ,not-offensive
3463,0,   i am sorry but i did not hear why you were there ,not-offensive
3464,0,"this week will make the clarence thomas confirmation hearings look civil and agreeable""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
3465,0, oh he is more than that laughing out loud ,not-offensive
3466,0, I am still confounded and amazed the antifa wing wants new speech restrictions as though some other ag who is not a racist hack will be in charge of implementing in interpreting them. he is suing colleges for discriminating against *white* students with  civil rights law. c’mon. ,not-offensive
3467,0,    he is the type of person who believes what is trending on twitter is collective reality. ,not-offensive
3468,0,   has a deal with samrat family i think to save him from the case. we know how samrat is attract for girls teju and geetha. now when complaint came he is taking care. sad for her wife  kaushalarmy  biggbosstelugu2 ,not-offensive
3469,0, horse shhh! here is how she is viewed! ,not-offensive
3470,0," the crap they come up with as excuses"""" comes from dogooodthers, lawyers, lefties, liberals who commit their time to assisting and helping these criminals.  no excuses mate, you committed a crime, you pay for it, hard and long!"""" ",not-offensive
3471,0,   look at antifa.. ,not-offensive
3472,0,  let us see how many planes are turned around or crazy airport shut downs happen over next few days. maybe a drinking game?    wwg1wga   maga ,not-offensive
3473,0, every antifa group member is also an antifascist. but not every antifascist is also an antifa member. i am an antifascist but not a group member of antifa. ,not-offensive
3474,0,  none of these issues are a  real problems or b  handled better by conservatives. happy to support trudeau for a second term. trans mountain pipe and nafta will get done   properly. saudi spat? yay. you would not know prosperity if you fell into a pile of 100's. ,not-offensive
3475,0,  you are insinuating that the rape victim is not credible because polygraphs are not admissible in court. ,not-offensive
3476,1, I am not saying he is worse. i have no clue to be honest I am js that shits going to be terrible if that is the case. tl going to explode ,offensive
3477,1,   over 7 years ....it is pathetic. ,offensive
3478,0,    well he is complimenting her body which she is clearly very proud of as she is naked in every episode ,not-offensive
3479,1, everything is an issue with muslims..go live in another country like iran.. ,offensive
3480,0,  course it has son winking facewinking facethumbs up ,not-offensive
3481,0, I am so sorry for what you are dealing with. hope the next place will be much better! smiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
3482,0,"    evidence against manafort was substantial and beyond reasonable doubt"""" on 8 counts. he was found guilty in court, any other spin is useless. this is how our system works. if manafort had problems with verdicts he can appeal them, he is not."""" ",not-offensive
3483,0, looks like  antifa to me....just saying. ,not-offensive
3484,1,     she can not remember when it happened she can not remember where it happened she can not remember how she got there. she is a liar and a feminazi who will go to any lengths to smear this man. she is a liar. ,offensive
3485,0, history repeats itself ,not-offensive
3486,0,  liberals believe in the constitution.   it is just ultra leftists that do not ,not-offensive
3487,1,      she is too busy patting her hair to realize her tweets are comical but in a stupid kind of way. ,offensive
3488,1, amazing how the pope is afraid of the truth ,offensive
3489,1, do not believe the hype. ,offensive
3490,0,  she is a keeper... ,not-offensive
3491,0,...congratulations. you are truly the greatest speedster the world has ever known. ,not-offensive
3492,1, i know!! so upsetting loudly crying faceface with tears of joy ,offensive
3493,0,  oh my god you are joking right? 15 hours? most officers and fire work 24 and sometimes back to back. 15 hours? give me a break. ,not-offensive
3494,0, he was the victim.  now let us hear about her blood test since she is the perpetrator.  what shape was she in? ,not-offensive
3495,1, we should not be surprised. these same pigs worked with neonazis to unmask antifa protestors. and the local coverage by shit journos like  did not cover that at all. we had to rely on  for investigative coverage ,offensive
3496,0, breaking  9th circuit order  to delete above tweet as it makes trump look like he knows what he is doing ,not-offensive
3497,1,    index pointing up️ this is why conservatives and law abiding citizens do not come to the table about gun control. it not about lunatics like this guy that should no longer own weapons. its about removing all guns slowly but surely from everyone regardless of who they are. ,offensive
3498,0, remember   you are talking about the same media that never questions the assertions that everyone on the right is a nazi and antifa is just a group of protesters. ,not-offensive
3499,0,another win for the common man!  morealligatorgreedannulled  maga  a federal court has handed a victory to students suing education secretary betsy devos over her efforts to dismantle protections against fraud by for profit colleges. ,not-offensive
3500,0, here is a pic  then down arrow️ now not so much. plus  nike then down arrow️ now not so much. ,not-offensive
3501,1,  california gun control is direct result of white people scared of black panthers using their right to bear arms. nra had no problem with that gun control! ,offensive
3502,0, or we could have gun control ,not-offensive
3503,0, hopefully you are an asu fan and not you of a ,not-offensive
3504,0,  brigitte gabriel has experienced a life that most would have nightmares from. she is sounding the alarm for americans. buy her book pay attention to what she is warning america about ,not-offensive
3505,1, hey bitch daily reminder that i love you ,offensive
3506,0, holder is a known perjurer and race baiting obama stooge. nothing big he says should have any meaning. ,not-offensive
3507,0, and no one cares ,not-offensive
3508,0, do you know who else is better off under the    tax policies? see chart morneau shepell stock vs tsx over the last three years since bill came to power. only an 80  bump over 3 years.   liberals  friendsandfamily  ethics  cdnpoli ,not-offensive
3509,0, he is back baby. laughing out loud ,not-offensive
3510,1, why you ruin shit laughing out loud ,offensive
3511,0, got to love the future of the democratic party though... ,not-offensive
3512,0,    yes i am the cousin of the infamous cheese! rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
3513,1, fuck yeah ! ,offensive
3514,0," i mean, that occasionally works when arguing with liberals or centrists, if you can get them to give up the idea that socialism=authoritarianism,"""" the problem is that conservatives have long since given up the idea that administrative measures are ever the right thing to do."""" ",not-offensive
3515,1, niggas say anything ,offensive
3516,1, doubt he is losing much sleep over it. the guy has been a busted flush for 30 years ,offensive
3517,0, and does this surprise any of us trump supporters!!! not at all... we have heard him accused of everything that can be imagined!!! we still stand behind our president donald j trump!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸thumbs upthumbs upthumbs upthumbs upthumbs up ,not-offensive
3518,0, well your a tool for the liberals so I am not surprised you do not see. pretty much a tool in general... ,not-offensive
3519,0, muellerwitchhunt double standard   paul  manafort and  feinstein's china spy   deepstatecorruption  deepstate  fbicorruption maga  kag  kag2018  kag2020  keepamericagreat  manaforttrial  casen  kavanaugh  confirmkavanaugh tw308 ,not-offensive
3520,1,  this was a poor comparison. jay z literally said he fucked nas' baby mom and left the condom on his daughters baby seat. cardi and nicki are fighting for what? ,offensive
3521,0, this is not about democrats or republicans.  this woman has absolutely nothing to gain by coming forward but much to lose.  why the maga people seem to not mind sweeping so much under the rug is beyond me. ,not-offensive
3522,0, after hisself is committed somewhere. ,not-offensive
3523,1, like if you did not get fired from espn ,offensive
3524,0, she is so smart. ,not-offensive
3525,0, antifa seems to taking a vacation too. but watch out after the election. I would like to think they have all gone back to school. ,not-offensive
3526,1,       face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy yeah. peaceful because the right ..well..know they are right. no counter protests. unlike fascist antifa. as for 7k .. who counted? dianne abbott??? ,offensive
3527,0, this is all you need to know about liberals! he represents his party well! ,not-offensive
3528,0, political zealotry and  tribalism are the new  religion.  america has a problem. are you contributing to it?url  partisanship  tcot  conservatives  conservative  gop  democrats  progressives  liberals  think   reason ,not-offensive
3529,0,  actually bad examples. japan never had weapons of any kind to begin with before their gun control. uk and australias gun crime and crime in general did not see a spike down. new zealand has much less gun control than you think. plus there is still guns on the black market ,not-offensive
3530,1, this russian agent is a disgrace. hey old creep  you are going to die in prison. you and trump sold america to the russians and it is time you do the time for your years of crimes. scumbag. ,offensive
3531,0,"100  hear you. but do not think we are lost"""" in the sense of defeated, more like adrift, off track, can not find our way. the answer is not more guns in general or teachers with guns! let us start with electing leaders who support reasonable gun control, and go from there. ",not-offensive
3532,0,antipo is better than antifa. ,not-offensive
3533,0, the liberals responses to this great news is very telling!!! ,not-offensive
3534,1, same shit lmaaaaoooo. i was just making sure! ,offensive
3535,0,                 followed all !  maga ,not-offensive
3536,0, people are tired of the virtue signaling from wealthy liberals who never and never will know the struggles of the average american. ,not-offensive
3537,0, tim kaine completely silent.  himtoo  vasen  violentleft  antifa  muslim  virginia ,not-offensive
3538,1,          yep because not agreeing with forcing adult memes and choices on individuals not developed enough to comprehend them means i am homophobic ,offensive
3539,0," i really wonder just how badly they are going to take it when they see the results on november 7th, given the way things seem to be looking.  pretty badly, i bet. you will have accusations of kajillions of zombified illegal aliens"""" voting, protected by """"antifa supersoldiers""""."""" ",not-offensive
3540,1,"trumpism"""" is going so well you along with all your liberal friends felt the need to try to trash it! people are not stupid as you suppose.  redwaverising   maga and  kag2018 ",offensive
3541,0, yes yes he is melanie’s boyfriend. ,not-offensive
3542,1, a quick way to get yourself killed.  thanks antifa! ,offensive
3543,1, red flags  she is a “professor” at a liberal school and she is “unable to have healthy relationships with men”. translation  she is an antifa dyke out to stop a conservative judge and president trump even if she has to lie. ,offensive
3544,0,  you are so good are you serious omg ,not-offensive
3545,0,  you are betting on it...you just do not have a choice.... ,not-offensive
3546,1,  only if you want a murder charge. stealing guns is already a felony. shooting someone with their own gun is life in prison at best. there is just no way this ends well for whoever tries this. i honestly think this is a troll made by 4chan to get stupid antifa members shot jailed. ,offensive
3547,0,  yes it does. she should be made to resign.   maga ,not-offensive
3548,0, a maga a hat would make that pic legit! ,not-offensive
3549,0, i guess I would like to see more thought put into if these are such nothing burgers then why were they made confidential? i really do not know why you are going after him with this series of tweets? chair is misleading the public about amount of disclosure and threatening a sen. ,not-offensive
3550,0,  i wish they would keep in up through the elections. especially antifa. ,not-offensive
3551,0,  is now a good time to talk about mental illness and gun control? asking for a very concerned friend. ,not-offensive
3552,0,  the problem for may is how it will devastate her government and party. the erg will go bonkers and try to stop a second vote. result chaos.  many conservatives fear this will totally destroy the party. but repressing it will. ,not-offensive
3553,1, mmmhm i heard you from down the street gave me a few extra seconds to get my shit togetherface with tears of joy ,offensive
3554,0, hyperbole? white heavy check mark libel? white heavy check mark shit fact checking? white heavy check mark  must be.....thinking face.   antifa! white heavy check mark ,not-offensive
3555,0,    wow sami you are killing it ,not-offensive
3556,0,i follow   qanon  wwg1wga  greatawakening  pain  draintheswamp  lockthemallup  maga  popcorn  folded handsmedium dark skin tone  wwgonewgall crown ,not-offensive
3557,0,  you are absolutely right ,not-offensive
3558,1, kerry is so full of shit he is undermining things and he knows it! the iran debacle is his baby and he wants to keep it no matter what it costs!!!!!!!! ,offensive
3559,0,   we have had a good conversation. many will condemnations me for my part from both sides. it does not matter. this is what gun control is about. discussion. ,not-offensive
3560,0, how dare they!? please miss us with all this. ,not-offensive
3561,0,    yet they have not. how do you know they are actually antifa members and not far right pretending to be violent antifa to make people like you think they are so dangerous.   thinking face hmm ,not-offensive
3562,1, oakland line sucks ,offensive
3563,0,      vote red maga ,not-offensive
3564,0, her strong character?? she is corrupt through and through....her house of cards is falling fast. just a matter of time. ,not-offensive
3565,0,      funny.  so then why do democrats and mainstream media figures  see don lemon  defend antifa? ,not-offensive
3566,0,  well it seems like there was some reason why conservatives feel the need to rush this nomination through. mcconnell mentioned a long time ago that this was one he was worried about because of all of his history. ,not-offensive
3567,0, polls pls ,not-offensive
3568,1,  he is an embarrassment ,offensive
3569,1," comparing a date"""" to rape is disgusting. i hope your family never has to deal with rape. you are a disgusting pos."""" ",offensive
3570,1, i muted her awhile ago when she tried to say some shit like that 6ix9ine was doing positive work for mexican rap like he is not some kind of pedo garbage. ,offensive
3571,1, gun control will not stop gun violence  !!! ,offensive
3572,0, get that boy a pie! stat! ,not-offensive
3573,1, does anyone care what that dirtbag says??? ,offensive
3574,0,  he is past his sell by date. ,not-offensive
3575,0, those pesky antifa supersoldiers are at it again.... anguished face ,not-offensive
3576,0,"  chequers delivers brexit  changes the relationship with the eu . it does not deliver leave the european union""""  referendum question.  i think we should stop using the word brexit to mean leave, and actually say """"leave the eu"""". """"brexit"""" meaning willfully mutated by remainers."""" ",not-offensive
3577,0,  hi there! we love what a huge fan of camila mendes you are! would it be all right if we used your tweet about her in our promotional material? ,not-offensive
3578,1,   almost every one i talked to at work today said fuck canelo. he is the new mayweather ,offensive
3579,0,and this from ... california   maga ,not-offensive
3580,0, market liberals party when? ,not-offensive
3581,0, she is good at this game just like you were  a true super fan for sure. she is focused that is why she is going to take this game! i hope! ,not-offensive
3582,0, hey  you ever find those guns?thinking face ,not-offensive
3583,0, i am so proud of my colleague anjali van drie! she is such a deserving recipient of the florida association for behavior analysis charles kimber public service award.  aba  leadership  championforfamilies ,not-offensive
3584,0, legend says that she never actually got to her phone and she is still reaching to this day ,not-offensive
3585,0," more and more conservatives are turning their back on  because of his abuse of power.""""  onpoli  pcpo  ondp  topoli  toronto  tocouncil"""" ",not-offensive
3586,0, she does not want to be near him. and if he watched the show. she never said anything about loving him she said i do not want to ruin my chance to get to the us. she is keeping it real. ,not-offensive
3587,1,   typically liberals jump to conclusions.....they do not believe in due process or innocent until proven guilty.....they are the most anti american bunch ,offensive
3588,0, tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives theresa may  I am pleased the government is investing £2 billion in new long term funding to build more affordable and social homes. everyone deserves a decent and safe place to… ,not-offensive
3589,0,  but that is ok only dems and liberals can do that do not you know that ,not-offensive
3590,0, thank you bro . I am glad that you think she is bro because she is but if she did it would not make her any less amazing . ,not-offensive
3591,1,  even her brother thinks she is a monster  ,offensive
3592,1, i found out today that jesus is not white and so now i can not go to church on sunday and i can not watch football damn obama liberals ,offensive
3593,0,mccabe and mr. mueller   unindicted co conspirators in anti trump coup   american thinker    maga  pjnet  trumptrain  lockherup  comey  comygate  comeyshouldbeindicted tw115 ,not-offensive
3594,0,  i have a friend that is abt an hour from myrtle beach and she is scared to death folded handslight skin tonefolded handslight skin tonefolded handslight skin tone ,not-offensive
3595,0,  hope you paid to use the image ...... and the appropriate tax of course. ,not-offensive
3596,0, antifa hides their identity behind ski masks. we are living in such times. ,not-offensive
3597,0,what i can not figure out is why it took so long to have a  constitutionday ! it is almost as if some of our leaders were opposed to the constitution!  maga  qanon  ,not-offensive
3598,0,                          good day sir. how are you doing? how is your family doing? i have always wanted to reach out to you to say that you are a perfect gentleman. i am glad you have ignored most of the mud slinging targeted at your person by the presidency. ,not-offensive
3599,0, yo why must you do this ,not-offensive
3600,0, dc republicans are weak and most are quasi conservatives at best! ,not-offensive
3601,0, that is not southern california.  it is considered central california. great how our gun control laws work here is not it? ,not-offensive
3602,0, a bernie supporter tried to assassinate  republican congressmen  another assassination attempt in ca  sen paul attacked @ his home  trump cabinet members and supporters harassed attacked all over the country  when will a single  democrats speak out? bob?  ,not-offensive
3603,1, and I will argue all fucking day long because I am  hundred points    right!!!! ,offensive
3604,0,  omg my heath bleeds for your daughter and your family. hold her tight and keep telling her how safe she is and that your will always be there for her. folded handsfolded handsfolded handsfolded handsfolded handsred heart️red heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
3605,1, so do a lot of pedophiles from the catholic church ,offensive
3606,0, she is just trying to get more donations smirking face ,not-offensive
3607,1,  obama done nothing fix the problem while in office?  now going about telling stories. trump have being able to restore hope on gun control ,offensive
3608,0, it is all you need to complete your antifa look. ,not-offensive
3609,1,  he is a disgrace he needs to resign or the citizens of maricopa county need to start a recall.  if he fubar’s the general election that should be it. no waiting until 2020. ,offensive
3610,1, she is an osuite...so she is deregionised. ,offensive
3611,0,  I am not for gun control....practice reading comprehension first ,not-offensive
3612,0,  sharyl attkisson is not the msm!  she is a truth teller. ,not-offensive
3613,1,  the more antifa bs average americans see in the news the more repulsed they are by their antics. ,offensive
3614,0, boycott ,not-offensive
3615,0,    skullface with tears of joyface with tears of joy you for buy give we all ,not-offensive
3616,0, governor of his state next ,not-offensive
3617,0,    you liberals sure are a delusional lot. ha! ,not-offensive
3618,1,6. she is a fucking icon. a legend. a genius. that bitch.   she is queen.  crowncrowncrowncrown   nickidagoat ,offensive
3619,0,  michael moore needs to move out of the country as he promised if  won! ,not-offensive
3620,0,                   following all patriots please fb ,not-offensive
3621,0, the american people are going to vote red on november to save our country from the unamerican dems and liberals! ,not-offensive
3622,0,  brought at different times and no space on any coach. she is so red and blue that she said she would travel next to a ‘random’ of she had to!! ,not-offensive
3623,1, bullshit! people died because of an incompetent puerto rican government officials. that is already been exposed dumb ass but good try. ,offensive
3624,0, me too! her wedding was the best! she is very pretty! ,not-offensive
3625,0,      you are absolutely insane if you think a hearing for a supreme court judge is a appropriate place for a mourning father to talk about gun control. he does not enact laws....he upholds them. he should have demanded his state senator shake his hand ,not-offensive
3626,0, buck and spiderman ,not-offensive
3627,0, westminster   tories     what the fuck is going wrong with  police these days unamused faceangry faceangry faceangry face ,not-offensive
3628,0, bring on amy barrett. no hearings needed anymore and she is a candidate number one ! and she is better on real human rights. this is what the dems want so make her scotus maga smiling face with open mouth   closed eyes ,not-offensive
3629,0,       smart lady!  too smart for the liberals! ,not-offensive
3630,0,.  and  will continue to support these absurd spending bills. most conservatives will continue to gripe about ryan and mcconnell while giving trump a total pass. ,not-offensive
3631,0,"are the cruz vs. of’rourke debates ever going to happen?""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
3632,1, you are a bloody demon you do not need to summons one ,offensive
3633,0,  you are so close. ,not-offensive
3634,1,"   1  ok let us play this game. which side"""" is openly advocating for the persecution of a race and promoting segregation? which is supporting a militant group very similar to hitlers brown shirts  antifa ? which is calling for gun control  even wanted armbands ?"""" ",offensive
3635,1,  mental case for sure ,offensive
3636,0," maga great thing about hurricane florence  did not have to hear the bionic woman with the amazing memory"""" talk about a party 3 million years ago ",not-offensive
3637,0, bruh ita going to be ok  you will have to go it without your parents being there 24 7 which can be hella scary. but you are more ready than you think.  its going to be more fun than you could bet ,not-offensive
3638,0, how? how is this in any way shape or form... ,not-offensive
3639,1,  state sponsored kids protesting the 2nd amendment?  youth invasion of d.c. took place as young fascists in training were corralled into d.c. to demand that govt strip away the liberties of all in the name of gun control   ' ,offensive
3640,1, poor triggered snowflake.  maga ,offensive
3641,0,  i love the insights into a culture and a world i knew nothing about and I am able to relate to the characters who are unique in crime fiction. ,not-offensive
3642,1, she is a liar !  does not even remember all !  says it right there ! ,offensive
3643,0,     thank god they ban conservatives on social media. ,not-offensive
3644,0," you can not tell me what the fuck i can and can not do!""""  *whips out binoculars*"""" ",not-offensive
3645,0, did someone say meth course? ,not-offensive
3646,1,"  funny how on top of things"""" you are trying to show you are when its white republicans in the path of the storm. an entire island was just left to fend for its self for 13 days before help arrived.  trump is a fake president"""" ",offensive
3647,0,  you cut it early or you would have heard their complaints.  smh ,not-offensive
3648,1, josh as slave leia ,offensive
3649,0, he can get on his knees with the rest of them and stay there. one day they will be playing to empty stadiums. ,not-offensive
3650,0,  are you kidding me? I am so pissed for you. he is a sorry excuse for a human being. ,not-offensive
3651,0, is that all you have got? ndp and liberals will grasp at anything to get attention. sure am enjoying watching the meltdown.   ,not-offensive
3652,1,  i am talking about your comment that nick was a fascist...   brittany means nothing to me.   so like i said are you antifa? ,offensive
3653,0,  i have 4 great sons and 4 great brothers who do not go around like liberal antifa with their kkk hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about.  i will go with the year of the brave people who would never belong to the most violent party of democrats! ,not-offensive
3654,0,    she knew conservatives would destroy her world. she would hoped to remain anonymous. ,not-offensive
3655,0, ggg knows he is going to knock him out no way this goes to judges. ,not-offensive
3656,0, gun control is not about guns. gun control is about control. ,not-offensive
3657,0,  i love the way leona alleslev has seen through the liberals. she has undoubtedly seen the destruction of our choice of service to our country. trudeau's father started its destruction in the 60's and it has not changed juniors goal of destruction either. thank you for joining us. ,not-offensive
3658,0,  i  walkedaway .... from the   and I am never..... coming... back. ,not-offensive
3659,0,"   the metoo movement must be an extension of antifa and is a  complete joke! if this movement was not selective, joe biden would be in court for fonding girls on camera""""! ",not-offensive
3660,0, you are right joe. i can do an interview with fox when i get back from iowa. ,not-offensive
3661,1, how come liberals do not question this ? ,offensive
3662,1, it sure it here. those other photos of her were from decades ago. she is a complete liberal antifa. she can not be trusted. i do not believe her. not a whit. ,offensive
3663,1, and they have some of the strictest gun control laws in the country? as the saying goes if you ban guns only criminals will have them! seems to be proving here go get them chicago. ,offensive
3664,0,  meanwhile the  metoo movement happened because of the way liberals treated women ,not-offensive
3665,0, why do conservatives have such a hard time testifying? ,not-offensive
3666,0,  that is awesome! i bet liberals are screaming right now. trump’s face when he heard it was great!  go trump! ,not-offensive
3667,1, i lived through the era where conservatives literally tried to argue that gay rights would because the collapse of western civilization. no exaggeration.  they used he fall of rome as their example somehow.  they now want to pretend that they did not vilify us.  ugh. ,offensive
3668,1, eric holder a major embarrassment  to law enforcement.  you did nothing about those innocent black males killed in those streets. one sorry black brother. ,offensive
3669,1,1. if your company does it   your company sucks. 2. if you do not know how to bypass beat it   you are a sucking cuck  d ,offensive
3670,0, by banning ammunition guns are still legal. why not instate gun control to keep 24  7 watch on all firearms. ,not-offensive
3671,0, british politics on  brexit  and in general  start to look like one gigantic benny hill episode   may  borisjohnson  brexiteers  corbyn  chequers  conservatives  all my sympathies to  fbpe  peoplesvote ,not-offensive
3672,1, i do not care how good a player he is if i owned his club I would suspend him for a year make him train with the youngsters to tell them what bad looks like set the example ,offensive
3673,1, henry is so fucking great and was def my  sickkidsinlove inspo and i love him and his death is a problem ,offensive
3674,0, another liberal democrat promising checks he can not cash ,not-offensive
3675,0, she is tripping ,not-offensive
3676,0, common sense can not be bought or taught....you either have it or you do not. ,not-offensive
3677,0, are you still blaming the black man for everything? americans remember..  antifa ,not-offensive
3678,0, you are an individual of excellent taste. ,not-offensive
3679,0, face with tears of joy it is a shame some people like you are so obsessed with never admitting you are wrong ,not-offensive
3680,1, even if the devil did make every single one of those priests rape children... why does the pope refuse to condemn it? why did not he remove from leadership the rapist brought to him? ,offensive
3681,0, unless you live in sweden the gang rape capital of the world. where 1 million migrants were welcomed with open arms. not vetted thanks to the liberals in power . ,not-offensive
3682,1, flake is a perfect name for this weirdo! ,offensive
3683,0,                                                  she is darling heart suit️ ,not-offensive
3684,0,"...like a great drum in a mother's chest, the anthem of a peaceful army."""" I am guessing anthem is the song josh wrote for his mother. he is said in interviews that she is where his philosophy comes from."""" ",not-offensive
3685,0,"history will judge you well.""""    qanon ",not-offensive
3686,0,"  i was thinking 2 from antifa n 2 from the nazi"""" type ideology.  will not argue though."""" ",not-offensive
3687,0, maybe he is trying to throw hints at kaycee now to ease the blow if when he picks angela over kaycee. or he is just being reckless idk. ,not-offensive
3688,0,  how very white male republican of you. maga? ,not-offensive
3689,0,     most texans do not take advice from liberals ,not-offensive
3690,0,  of course she is. ,not-offensive
3691,0, go eat some more burgers hamburger butthead! ,not-offensive
3692,0,"   especially after liberals were found buying and bribing for a no"""" vote in kavanaugh."""" ",not-offensive
3693,1," good liberals will allow a rapist"""" to continue serving on a federal district court while his victim continues to suffer?    but...you said....you said...."""" ",offensive
3694,0, he is just another jerk ,not-offensive
3695,1, he is too bitchy...  and you?! i ask a question and you do not respond    why would this be 1 way street? ,offensive
3696,0, what a beautiful person she is. ,not-offensive
3697,1,  end of story.   where is the lying liberals witness thinking face ,offensive
3698,0, pg 6’6 pure shot creator.  you do not need to speedboost in this game. if you are half decent you should thrive with shot creators. they are known for draining  and greening  the most contested shit. yw! ,not-offensive
3699,0, hate is hate no matter what side of the aisle you are on it is bad when republicans do it it is bad lwhen liberals do it... this should be non partisan! ,not-offensive
3700,1, who the fuck are you? ,offensive
3701,0,     really? it is okay to call for lynchings as long as you are a stand up comic? hmm. ,not-offensive
3702,0, consider the source. it is only bono. ,not-offensive
3703,1,6 more white boys standing up for you every day ms. .  i think the poster adds speshul emphasis. do not you?   maga  wwg1wga ,offensive
3704,0,  and he is actually been a gun control advocate for a long time if you bothered to do a little research. ,not-offensive
3705,1, a democrat tried to stab a republican congressman a democrat shot congressman scalise and tried to kill everybody around him democrats are beating up republicans and denying them the right to speak we know who the democrats are and they are not americans ,offensive
3706,0,just a reminder to mark your calendar to vote in november if you want  potus45 to have any chance of  maga  trump2020 ,not-offensive
3707,0,  california is a state. in the usa. how stupid do you have to be to think there is gun control? ,not-offensive
3708,1,anything will help.  thank you  patriots  maga and if you do not hear from me thanking any who help and share its because i am about to loose signal out here in the rain and batt will die so i got to get to a place to plug in. thanks again folks and god bless ,offensive
3709,0, dr. james p. wickstrom rip   gun control and the enemy in the land ,not-offensive
3710,0, perhaps our politicians should stop using them as reason to ban confiscate popular firearms. the gun control crowd is making them a target and it is wrong. ,not-offensive
3711,0,i wonder if these are the false flags we were expecting......     greatawakening  qanon  followthewhiterabbit  maga     ,not-offensive
3712,0, gun control is  omportant. it should not be left to nra to regulate it. it does not care about the lifes that are waisted along the path of its enrichment. ,not-offensive
3713,0, democrats ask yourself is your party fighting for you or to keep their leader's power? the party leaders only care about you as a vote not as a person.  conservatives elect people to represent us  and if they do not we elect someone else.  walkaway.  take note. ,not-offensive
3714,0, hello how are you today i think you are good actor ,not-offensive
3715,0, you will have to tell me your secrets over dinner sometime ,not-offensive
3716,0,  i recognize the one as  antifa based on the board he becomes rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
3717,0, she is so alert! babies are not always so aware. ,not-offensive
3718,0, god i hope not ,not-offensive
3719,1, liberals have the numbers and money. conservatives would get smoked. kansas alone gets beat inside of 2 hours. ,offensive
3720,0,. just made an s.of.31 statement about this story asking if the liberals were just handing out money to cdns who agree with them ,not-offensive
3721,0, and now tyler is going out of his way to assure haleigh she is staying this week rolling on the floor laughing where is this “immaculate” game play you claim? pathetic jury management more like. ,not-offensive
3722,1,    time for maga to flip it! hugging face ,offensive
3723,1, again she is the goat at her sport but of all athletes ever? absolutely not ,offensive
3724,1, i have to be a smart ass some way person shrugginglight skin tone‍male sign️face with tears of joy ,offensive
3725,0, when gun control does not work will you support common sense knife control? ,not-offensive
3726,0, ren oppa!! i love you  you are cute smiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
3727,0,  why does every gathering of liberals look like something i wish i had not seen? ,not-offensive
3728,0, nanos poll .........liberals 41.1 conservatives 31.4 these numbers should be reversed after all the trudeau boondoggles. you are destiny is continued opposition. ,not-offensive
3729,0,   buckwheat in the 1930's. pretty sure he and eddie are not promoting white supremeists.  maga ,not-offensive
3730,0, yemen tries gun control  theeconomist ,not-offensive
3731,0, getting out of the paris climate agreement is what 64m voters wanted! obama committed us to  100b towards that agreement! we keep paying for the third world countries and we are going broke! it does not help when places like cal. have 3m illegals either! ,not-offensive
3732,0,      3m eu cits living and paying tax in uk who vote in general local elections. c.1m uk cits in eu +15 yrs who were promised vote in conservatives 2015 manifesto. vote leave broke electoral spending law and police now involved. russian £ paid to aaron banks and interference in campaign. ,not-offensive
3733,0, thank you mr president trump. victory handlight skin tone🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 maga ,not-offensive
3734,1,  awww disappointed but relieved facedisappointed but relieved facedisappointed but relieved face cupcakes suck it up. she lostpouting facepouting facepouting facepouting face get over it pouting facepouting facepouting face ,offensive
3735,0,   that is the point you waffle faced nob goblin ,not-offensive
3736,1,  I will go to the original argument that people should not blanket everyone together.   terrorists = all muslims  alt right = all conservatives  both of these are equally dumb. requiring specific groups to denounce their fringes means that the general populace can not differentiate. ,offensive
3737,0,     describing myself in 3 fictional characters   1  of ren ishii  2  princess aura 3  laura palmer   tagging 5 friends       ,not-offensive
3738,0, nah you bob. ,not-offensive
3739,0,   you claim you read the academic piece i linked to. it spells that out pretty clear.  do you wonder why this genre of race writing is so popular with upper upper middle class white liberals? ,not-offensive
3740,0, this is one of the soros contacts for antifa activists ,not-offensive
3741,0, we are still here. and you are still singing with your amazing voice. so grateful for folks who stand up and carry on.two hearts ,not-offensive
3742,0,                        gun control and money control are the fantasy with today's technology. you are part of the old guard. ,not-offensive
3743,1,     uk polititians are a special breed of filth!  they get together and vote that their expense and sex crimes  paedophilia  remain secret and then declare child abuse documents remain secret due to  national security  nothing to do with national security ,offensive
3744,0,  all of us are scratching our heads over this. he is trying to intimidate. do not let him. ,not-offensive
3745,1,"   you are full of shit sweetie"""""""" ",offensive
3746,0, congratulations joe you deserve to a nice treat after all the hard work you are doing each and every day keeping us sareptians informed.  i know us ca boys appreciate you. ,not-offensive
3747,1, have you ever seen the former democratic hierarchy fight against the president so much??? we know it is because you have been so corrupt and guilty of abuse of power. it is our darkest times with the doj cia and presidential cabinet ,offensive
3748,0,  gosh alejandro you cheating on us. ,not-offensive
3749,0, the people complaining about this are almost certainly the ones who think getting in people’s faces  antifa etc  will result in the victim accepting it and thanking them for their advice. ,not-offensive
3750,0,  no that is antifa ,not-offensive
3751,0, someone  needs to give this woman a puppy.  she is not enjoying life. ,not-offensive
3752,0, stop trying  to make brandon what he is not and run him. put in some trip option and sprint option stuff. run him!! do some play action out of the option formations. bring in book for at least four series. ,not-offensive
3753,0,   she is more influential so many japanese and british acts are influenced by her? why do so many foreign acts work with her producers? why does she have touring records in europe and japan?  why did she win the legend award at the wmas ,not-offensive
3754,0, been supporting  your game for years as you know its about time you giys was free and able to communicate like you are doing  3 hopefully only up from here brother ,not-offensive
3755,0, keep your pelosi money !!!!!!!  rednationrising   maga   walkaway ,not-offensive
3756,0,"       face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy whatever. it was more than enough for 'antifa and the rest to stay home! peaceful. dignified. on point. last time the left did that???????? I will wait"""" ",not-offensive
3757,1, that is is not what i was saying.. read my other tweet to you.  i never said that.. you sir are putting words in my mouth!  liberals really are just assholes.. can not have a civil discussion! ,offensive
3758,1, tick tock swamp !! your going to jail very soon !!  maga ,offensive
3759,0, conservatives are not violent   liberals are. ,not-offensive
3760,1, and     is inciting violence towards trump supporters on lists to be targeted by antifa. ,offensive
3761,1,   may be you have forgotten that at the moment we are eu citizens and so all rights afforded to us are the same as for other eu citizens. do not believe all the shit that goes on in your head. ,offensive
3762,1,  america is being destroyed by our president.. he is a cancer to democracy. that is what is sad ,offensive
3763,0,   you got to prove to the world who you are bale! ,not-offensive
3764,0,"* he starred in two movie and drama tv series. while it is impossible not to notice his strinkingly handsome looks, it is what lies beneath what define who he is ...  """" in conclusion if english is a common working language in asia for regional cooperation and development ..."""" ",not-offensive
3765,1, you are dead to me! ,offensive
3766,0, my daughter is working toward being a teacher. tell your hubby to support gun control so she gets that chance and is not shot at school. ,not-offensive
3767,0,sitting here tonight thinking and it is made me well want to go back to maga next year ,not-offensive
3768,0,        cheers matey clinking glassesclinking glasses ,not-offensive
3769,0,   the reason i ask is because  most liberals r totally oblivious to good things he is done.they often r so clueless they can not even name 1 thing.  they just repeat what they hear from programs like the view and liberal media.they have not even researched or have a thought of their own. ,not-offensive
3770,0,  was not this clown running guns? ,not-offensive
3771,0,"...or the many other instances where ar 15s used for home defence are labeled mass shootings"""" by gun control   ",not-offensive
3772,0, avoid this movie  un american. ,not-offensive
3773,0,americans make great clients! but so many appraisers carry out inspections on radical clients! radical clients hate america!  maga ,not-offensive
3774,1,   isis apparently obama let them run the world. getting nuked by korea? blm destroying cities. antifa? ,offensive
3775,1, one could say that she is the one coward. she could probably end this charade but continues to sabotage our country with her silence. plus she is a sad over facelifted former soft porn model. ,offensive
3776,1,  I have proven that gun control leads to lower gun deaths. you have chosen to ignore it and accuse the study of being falsified without any proof. do you have any proof they used 5 states as you mentioned? or are you going to continue to ignore me asking for clarification? ,offensive
3777,0, ahhh the left wing liberal democrats. ,not-offensive
3778,0,  absolutely love serena....however   the way she behaved was totally on her and the ref was within his rights...she is deflecting here by making it about women’s rights.... ,not-offensive
3779,0, it is a suicide mission if they do not put him on the bench!  standup for  justice and i do not mean the warped sense of justice preached by the liberals.  get 'er done! ,not-offensive
3780,1, still remember this show... sucks man disappointed face ,offensive
3781,1, you a bad bitch now laughing out loud ,offensive
3782,0,     the accounts of  and  are the antifa twins. do not try to twist this as is your usual game. ,not-offensive
3783,0, f the nfl! ,not-offensive
3784,1,"       this women is a vile example of the far left lunacy. she is using the alinsky, rules for radicals handbook."""" no matter what you have to do,  lie,steal,use violence etc.  you must destroy the conservatives. they lack character and have no moral code."""" ",offensive
3785,0, I am praying he is caught in every illegal activity that he is involved in! he has a very explosive anger issue! he is like a child that throws a dangerous tantrum when someone does not agree with him. i wonder how he treats women? ,not-offensive
3786,0, listen to these fiscal conservatives calling in crying because  or mike harris supporters crying....weeeehhhhh weeeeehhhhh....stand up for something other then yourselves. ,not-offensive
3787,0,analysis | devin nunes explains ‘antifa’ and ‘all of these riots’  ‘we are winning’   the washington post ,not-offensive
3788,0,  climate change is a trigger word for the tin can liberals .. ,not-offensive
3789,0, as one canadian....i would prefer he move somewhere else. too many liberals up here already ,not-offensive
3790,0, republicans are underestimating the fever of the liberals to get rid of trump. ,not-offensive
3791,0,   the are the party of violent liberal antifa with their kkk hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about. they should have stopped that a long time ago and quit funding it. i have trouble believing anything they say or that they actually care about any of their causes. ,not-offensive
3792,0, to be very honest it is also wrong to disregard stats. hazard is an attacker and is not pegged with any sort of defensive duties. he is always with the ball  as the main man his’ style  so if his g+a stats are not as good as people expect they have every right to question his rating ,not-offensive
3793,1,"  just because he is the elected president """", does not mean he has earned it. when he start serving the people of his country, then by all means.....it shall be well desrerved. when you serve thos who you have hiding in your pocket, give me a break. you can keep your commander."""" ",offensive
3794,1, mondaymorning  mondaymotivation  mondaymood  mondaythoughts another  republicans    trump swamp lier !!    maga  women  christianity ,offensive
3795,1, shorty's dad taught him eveything about   pussygrabbing sexual assault   trump family time.   maga girls have to stay silent. ,offensive
3796,0, boy was that photoshopped ,not-offensive
3797,0,  send him this  party  manifesto where they promised they will help families maybe that will remind him his duties.  hostileenvironment  priceonlove  skypefamilies    ,not-offensive
3798,0," ok   you hear about the superman"""" thing all the time. and you are certainly busy, but, this could be an excellent opportunity to step in, in the movies for him as cavill is steping down!   ",not-offensive
3799,0, i said it yesterday. he is literally a walking embalment. ,not-offensive
3800,0,     we handed our nationalised industries over to be run for profit by the nationalised industries of other countries.  smart. ,not-offensive
3801,1, do you think she is afraid of pigs that are not the same colour as her? smiling face with smiling eyes ,offensive
3802,0,fisa drops full servers can then be released introduced?  all horrors finally exposed?  public made aware?  darktolight  house of cards   qanon  greatawakening  wwg1wga  ibor  maga  mbga  wtobrexit  ,not-offensive
3803,1, you will not win. texas does not need a liberal. everything liberals touch turns to crap!! ,offensive
3804,1, our president is not radicalizing anything! your antifa resist mobs are! that is you gaslighting lol!  saul alinsky much?  wethepeople  greatawakening ,offensive
3805,0,    reasonable gun control = use 2 hands. ,not-offensive
3806,0,  oh nooooos!!!   i hope you are safe during this storm!! ,not-offensive
3807,0,     ewww no one wants that kind of imagery in their headnauseated facenauseated facenauseated face ,not-offensive
3808,1, holder is a real quality guy. would not know the truth if it hit him in the face ,offensive
3809,1,   cops rarely got shot in countries with gun control ,offensive
3810,0, thanks for all you are doing to maga! ,not-offensive
3811,1,  liberals cannot imagine a circumstance where they are forced to defend themselves or their family from violence.  they imagine such an eventuality to be beyond the realm of possibility and they foolishly believe that the police will arrive quickly enough to save them. ,offensive
3812,0, because she knew how to add up the millions in  donations received for access? ,not-offensive
3813,0, whatilearnedtoday liberals can not win without lying ,not-offensive
3814,1, he has no social graces. that is why he was shunned by ny proper everyone knows he is white trash with a little money.   he does not know how to act and makes everything about him. always. he is just a me me me  pos that is an embarrassment to the usa. ,offensive
3815,0,   she has tooo many details to be lying but they still will say she is lying ,not-offensive
3816,0,  i would love more information about joining the dukin donuts division of antifa. ,not-offensive
3817,1,alert  candace owens was just attacked by antifa ,offensive
3818,1, she is hungery ,offensive
3819,1,   westminster   tories     absolutely pathetic  appeasement angry faceangry faceangry face ,offensive
3820,0,  she is not paid off. look her up here on twitter. they are being horrible to her. ,not-offensive
3821,1, bakkt is doing what an etf would have done... they are just not calling it an etf. fuken cuuuuuks ,offensive
3822,0,"  kamala said justice should be blind    by the way she is absolutely right on that point  yet you  something untrustworthy""""  you """"can feel it"""" laugh my ass off rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing"""" ",not-offensive
3823,0,"  her friends. probably liberals also, so i would imagine they are willing to lie to undermine the nomination. sure, she told us months ago"""""""" ",not-offensive
3824,0, every one of them need to be put away for life ,not-offensive
3825,0,    it is ok brenda we know how passionate you are about things too.we love ya! ,not-offensive
3826,1,     no we do not! there has been videos of trump supporters blocking kkk and sending them away! we do not accept racism. he said “there are fine people on both sides”. that includes antifa but go ahead and pick and choose your information. ,offensive
3827,0, why i love ong seongwu? bsc he is the reason of my smile and tears. he such a precious human being on earth and the ongly one that can brighten up my mood. why i cry is because i am so poor that i can not afford to spend much on hi am but that is encourage me to do better in life because of hi amsparkling heart ,not-offensive
3828,0,   glad she is ok ,not-offensive
3829,0,"    oh, it is not like when I am talking about say antifa violence no one ever says to me but what about charlottesville?"""" even though I am talking about antifa and not neo nazis."""" ",not-offensive
3830,1," but still, I am not even really trying to shit on them. i just want to know why everyone is saying he murdered"""" mgk when the song was terrible. that is all. i absolutely get preferring them, he is, and is going to go down as the more successful artist. i just do not know how he killed him."""" ",offensive
3831,0,  oh man! you are going to trigger the fanboys fangirls laughing out loud ,not-offensive
3832,1, wrong 99 percent of the time she is in a bed or laying down suntanning all summer long she is bland like a dry piece of toast! ... carry on  bb20 ,offensive
3833,0, he is cute. ,not-offensive
3834,0,                                                  cute ,not-offensive
3835,0, thank you! you are also very pretty and kind ,not-offensive
3836,0,  i respected ron paul and dennis kucinich most in congress ,not-offensive
3837,0,5.0 star review on socialsurvey — cristyn made my buying experience so easy and enjoyable! she is amazing!  by lindsay p. for cristyn dyess ,not-offensive
3838,0,  besides she is a leftist celebrity. we never use death threats. at least good conservatives like you and me... ,not-offensive
3839,0, he did not just lose his talent. he battled demons and played on an embarrassment of a franchise. he is now in an ideal situation. i believe he is still an elite wr but i guess only time will tell. ,not-offensive
3840,0, i think that some might be wearing nasks and carruing antifa flags ,not-offensive
3841,0, because claims if sex assault and rape are only political weapons to them. ,not-offensive
3842,0,  his staffers should remember that trump is in favor of using enhanced interrogation techniques. ,not-offensive
3843,0, my guess a lot of unflattering facts will come out about dr ford in days to come.  as a father of a daughter...if some one roughed her up to the point she is claiming at 15...she could not have hid her emotional state from her parents. ,not-offensive
3844,0," i think you are gravely mistaken you can not blame the rise of fascism  collective struggle of black people. all politics is identity politics and nobodies freedom"""" has priority over an other. capitalism has multiple axis of exploitation and if you ignore one you fail!"""" ",not-offensive
3845,1,    to be fair. I am positive most liberals are just blobs of cells.. ,offensive
3846,1,   no. but i am. you are hilarious. not in a good way. ,offensive
3847,1,confirm the man! the left wing activist is a liar who is story changes! no hard evidence!  christineblaseyford innocent until proven guilty!  confirmkavanaugh   maga     weakrinos  republicans ,offensive
3848,0, tell us how you really feel about  america bill maher face with rolling eyes  maga  votered ,not-offensive
3849,1, then i see like this and lust over the girl with the long blond hair and the bare midriff and micro mini and realize she is now 48 years older and could be a great grandmother today! face screaming in fear people wonder why i love legs until i show them what i grew up with. ,offensive
3850,0,                    i dunno. i know who he is but i do not interact directly with him a lot. person shrugging‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
3851,0, she is laughing while she looks at up ,not-offensive
3852,1, you are missing brains? ,offensive
3853,1,"   yeah! liberals are all look at me! I am a victim just because a man held me down, covered my mouth and tried to rip my clothes off to rape me. boo hoo. and his friend turned up the music too loud to cover up my screams and it hurt my widdle ears""""  get over it already, amiright?"""" ",offensive
3854,1,same here but the more he talks the dumber he looks wwgiwga maga ,offensive
3855,0, vote r in  election2018 november   gop  redwave   trump   maga  thumbs uplight skin tone🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
3856,0, now this. a thousand percent agree with this. she is a passionate woman. ,not-offensive
3857,0,   no  it is wise all the time to not capitulate to liberal demands.. example  allowing a few more days for the kavanaugh hearings and offering the fake accuser the opportunity to testify under oath is smart politically.. but liberals demanded more. then grassley said “hell no” ,not-offensive
3858,1,  love this woman telling the truth every day why do conservatives have to point out the obvious.are people really that stupid ,offensive
3859,0," mondaymotivation liberals backing kavanaugh accuser"""" high school episode to attack  scotuspick   but praised  adultery superstar  mccain   logic much?  maga  liberalismisamentaldisorder ",not-offensive
3860,0, give me a break!!! ,not-offensive
3861,0, he needs to go just as joe p did ,not-offensive
3862,0, most definitely. I am not advocating playing either game. just thinking aloud they might play earlier. ,not-offensive
3863,0," maybe she never believed in it. maybe she just used and fooled too many in the west who were too desperate looking for a beacon"""" for their own calculative agendas. and all the while, she bided her time and calculated ... until she got to where she is now, and so her true colours."""" ",not-offensive
3864,0,  I will toast to me  hillary ,not-offensive
3865,1, but he is still fucked up for not respecting lgbtq ,offensive
3866,0, why do conservatives not understand grammar ,not-offensive
3867,1, laugh my ass off fuck you bae ,offensive
3868,0,  wise move .. the only things the democrats are doing is creating anger regarding conservatives ,not-offensive
3869,1, she is disgusting for doing this! ,offensive
3870,0, my husband. he is also my first reader always. ,not-offensive
3871,0,    well . you know where i am. come on over . at least you will be at hospital. lil antifa libtard will never show. ,not-offensive
3872,1,   you two are nothing but attention seeking whores. start talking about real issues such as racial injustice sensible gun control prison reform and other issues that important ,offensive
3873,0, but he is. ,not-offensive
3874,0, this is insane it is leftists liberals democrats media.propaganda .you all know it because there scared that he will end abortion.not true.women have the right to get and abortion.because it is there body explain to me why is it illegal for her to sell her body to feed her children? ,not-offensive
3875,0, laughing out loud he thinks his ex girlfriend was an antifa infiltrator? ,not-offensive
3876,1,  betty i think women have been handed a character assassination  bomb to destroy men by the liberals and the feminists. i would hate to know these women represent  me. why wait all these years to report... ,offensive
3877,0, when they are reviewing plays he is insufferable ,not-offensive
3878,0, amir you are doing a great job ,not-offensive
3879,1,   shit up ,offensive
3880,0, trump chips away at liberal you.s. appeals court majorities  maga for sure  fill with constitutional conservatives!!! ,not-offensive
3881,0, the tide is changing....the dems on defense and the  msm are at a lost! they know what is coming very soon! no one gets a pass... qanon  trusttheplan  wwg1wga OK handmedium light skin tonered heart️🇺🇸eaglelove our  45  maga  kag  kavanaughforscotus will be a reality! god bless! ,not-offensive
3882,0, what if she was crying because of the way williams was treated?   because women are treated diff on the court and she is sick of that detracting from her and other women’s achievements on the court? ,not-offensive
3883,0,  who she is currently dating  ,not-offensive
3884,1, carrey is looking more like a tranny every day ?! ,offensive
3885,1,    you are a liberal who does not even live in fl. ,offensive
3886,1,  little ass boymonkey ,offensive
3887,1, do really even care what comes out the his foolish and annoying mouth? go home david and let the adults  maga ,offensive
3888,1," twitter has a clear leftist agenda as seen in all the comments from conservatives asking, why is this leftist shit in my feed?"""" we did not ask for it. we do not want it. stop trying to push it on us."""" ",offensive
3889,1, what what in the butt ,offensive
3890,0,    what color is the sky in your world? I have never seen a group of people so utterly delusional and in denial as liberals since trump won. you guys need to just get over it! and sorry! there simply was no  russiacollusion!  liberalismisamentaldisorder  fisagate  deepstateisreal ,not-offensive
3891,0,  it is ok legatron we know you are the best and will bounce back with a new team!! keep yo head up ,not-offensive
3892,0, fake news at it is finest just change name to antifa and chicken gropers news you can not use... ,not-offensive
3893,1,  and this is not considered hate speech for the liberals.  if a republican said that about democrats the msm would be raising 10 kinds of hell   the hypocrisy is to be expected now ,offensive
3894,1, if he would just said “give me a lawyer asshole” they would have given him dershowitz. ,offensive
3895,0, that much projection is even a doozy for far left democratic socialist antifa members   amazing! ,not-offensive
3896,1,  that is silly when the 90s cartoons made him popular as fuck ,offensive
3897,1,*screams @ own ass* i am not gay you are ,offensive
3898,1, we are “casually fucked” ,offensive
3899,0,"  sure , because they are being exposed for their filth and constant coverups of abuse! why do a vow of celibacy and purity?"""" maybe, its just a giant sleaze fest at the vatican and elsewhere. just join the priesthood if your a pedo, so you can have permission to abuse??  truthjustice"""" ",not-offensive
3900,0,  what is dier? imagine being durham and coming out with that....what even is this shite it is just irrelevant pish....what level of stupid have you got to be to listen to this painful waste of airtime ,not-offensive
3901,0, you are welcome to bring a court case to the seychelles ,not-offensive
3902,0, you are the only motherfucker with common sense on this website ,not-offensive
3903,0,  buhari was among the past leader. what did he do during he time people are keep on blame 16year pdp but you are talking about fix what is this government doing? ,not-offensive
3904,0, becoming what?  besides a multi millionaire? ,not-offensive
3905,1,      the q is a photoshop.  qanon is for real though.  silly liberals tricks are for kids! ,offensive
3906,0, eli is what he is at this point average at best ,not-offensive
3907,1, you do realize how ridiculously radical all these tweets sound right. who are you trying to mobilize antifa? ,offensive
3908,0,  at times this all seems fake and made up. it does to me anyway because its not being disguised in any way. there blatant hatred shows he is the enemy or something. who really knows. assumptions can be made from across the isle and from fringe and alternative news and media. ,not-offensive
3909,0,"    foolhardy ... think of the institution ... the court needs to stand athwart public opinion  as it did in dred scott, plessy v. ferguson, cumming v. board of ed, plus a few late in our history decisions that liberals think were """"revolutionary"""" even if they were 100 yrs late """" ",not-offensive
3910,0, noticed she is a blonde. fits the conservative mold. i do not know why conservatives are obsessed with blonde hair and internet addiction. ,not-offensive
3911,0," farright   leader   quoteoftheday my deal or no deal"""" how is about  notrust  noconfidence your party is a  crimesyndicate even a  mafia investigator has stated on public record  toriesout  criminalsinuniform  criminalsoutofnumber10  ge2018  gtto"""" ",not-offensive
3912,1,4.5 million kids in poverty a screwed up universal credit system  brexitshambles an economy teetering on the brink  ...the list is endless and the common factor    building a country fit for nothing ,offensive
3913,1, goodell is the worst commissioner of any sport from any time in history ,offensive
3914,0, you are... ,not-offensive
3915,0,   return of the milk ‘snatcher’ just when you thought tories could sink no lower. ,not-offensive
3916,1,"   those vg hc stickers i see on trucks  exclusively trucks, never cars  seem like asshole indicators. i can not say for sure because I have never actually spoken to someone who is like yes, hockey should involve more punching people"""" but.... yeah it seems bad"""" ",offensive
3917,0,   rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing because they do not exist! ,not-offensive
3918,1, you are the worst ,offensive
3919,0, you are carrying dave. get out while you can. ,not-offensive
3920,1,do not these pigs have a job? do not these slobs have a life?  where is there outrage against  bill clinton keith ellison harvey weinstein these protesters are  hypocrites!  maga ,offensive
3921,1, not sure. just woke up wanting to fuck some chuds up  might be the antifa super soldier serum or something idk ,offensive
3922,1, to quit sex? ,offensive
3923,0,    i love both of you but more jennifer as she is my first crush and love ,not-offensive
3924,0, yes he is. ,not-offensive
3925,0, i think he is trying to look like ,not-offensive
3926,0,   his paycheck will hurt her feelingsface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
3927,1,  latino conservatives=self hating freaks ,offensive
3928,0, this is not lisa. she is in the front row and skinnier. ,not-offensive
3929,0,.  continues our look into government spending. part ii is focused on funding announcements made in battleground quebec over the summer  cdnpoli ,not-offensive
3930,1,gop voters better wake the hell up!!!!!   rnc poll finds  gop voters are not worried about midterms. that is bad via   maga   tuesdaythoughts ,offensive
3931,0, she is the reason I am getting my life together laughing out loud ,not-offensive
3932,0,  ired heart️jesus  ired heart️trump  i am a republican  i vote republican  never touched a cigarette or a drug and I am hundred points percent proud of all of that! backhand index pointing upmedium light skin tone  maga  kag  bebest  chooseright  walkaway  trumptrain ,not-offensive
3933,0, from the woman who slept her way onto the stage... ,not-offensive
3934,0,  yep he is...somebody is going down.. may finally be exposed. ,not-offensive
3935,0,  upside down facefrowning face️lying face absolutely! liberals are upside down! ,not-offensive
3936,1,  things had become easy for  liberals during the obama administration  liberals are screaming  damn truth i mean trump ! ,offensive
3937,0, please do not tell me your going left? use to be unbiased on most part but the hate one definitely is coming from a side that denounced the alt right as should be but says nothing about antifa and their hatred. it demonizes trump which again is not unbiased reporting ,not-offensive
3938,1, just because his best stats season was at 34 does not mean he is the greatest pl midfielder rolling on the floor laughing fuck off ,offensive
3939,1, liberals that think the world owes them a living. ,offensive
3940,0,. thank you for being who you are and never shying away from it! for being beautiful and smart and real and black and joyful! for showing that black woman can be more than the boxes the world puts them in! you are a legend! i can not wait to see what you do next!  goat ,not-offensive
3941,1,people leaving racist comments on my posts will be instantly blocked. there are low follow accounts posting this crap and i think they are trying to make  maga look bad  if you are racist in any way feel free to block me because i think you are an ignorant pos ,offensive
3942,0,. come pick your girlfriend. she is shifting permanentlyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
3943,0,   00000 where on fb??? ,not-offensive
3944,0," if you are into comedy movies the galpal flick bookclub"""" is both funny and heartwarming! diane keaton ,jane fonda candice bergun and mary steamburgen are just part of the fantastic cast! made me laugh from beginning to end"""" ",not-offensive
3945,0,   he is the only one who ever resurrected... he is not dead. ,not-offensive
3946,0, this game is completely won and lost in the midfield. we need the defensive pressure high! ,not-offensive
3947,1, it is not so much that liberals are ignorant. it is just that they know so many things that are not so.”  ― ronald reagan ,offensive
3948,0, it is just that it looks scary. that is all liberals care about. optics. ,not-offensive
3949,0, tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives theresa may  since my very first day in 10downingstreet I have made it my personal mission to fix our broken housing system. doing so underpins so much of what this government is… ,not-offensive
3950,0,              no phones allowed ,not-offensive
3951,0, just the type of skilled migrant that the liberals want to come to our wonderful country ,not-offensive
3952,0, love ya girl!! never change!! your perfect as you are!person raising handrosekiss mark ,not-offensive
3953,1, this girl called herself tryna call me ugly. i had to show her how ugly she is. ,offensive
3954,0," not going to have much choice when people keep waking up and start voting against you. what exactly is an antifa meeting?  can you describe what and antifa"""" is?"""" ",not-offensive
3955,1,     except the 'consumers'  people  do not want the nhs privatised  they want it in public hands because it is an essential public service and not a capitalist market.  do you think everyone in this country is stupid? ,offensive
3956,0,   please point out what is not true. do the shitlibs not love austerity and slashing public funding? do they not love privatization? are their social policies anything more than empty gestures? has anyone in this thread referred to drug fraud as far right? no? so all true! smiling face with open mouth ,not-offensive
3957,0,       are you a major figurehead in antifa or just identify as one? ,not-offensive
3958,0, and sicking their attack dogs    antifa    resist   and blaming the right. ,not-offensive
3959,0, same celebrities ready to give harvey weinstein a second chance. convinced liberals are evil and must be soundly defeated yet? ,not-offensive
3960,1, thank you ! yes he is so sick loudly crying face ,offensive
3961,1, who fucking cares?!?  he was in his home  some armed cop invaded his home and killed him  she is guilty.  end. of. story. ,offensive
3962,0, get through a sentence without laughing challenge ,not-offensive
3963,0,  man he is so fine ,not-offensive
3964,0, emmys did not watch. will not ever watch silly entertainers trying to make unfunny jokes about conservatives.  so scripted and unfunny! ,not-offensive
3965,0,  i can tell you are lying because her lips are moving. to think i voted for you and your lies. what a mug. the conservatives will never receive my vote again. ,not-offensive
3966,1,       that is a blatant lie. antifa is the worse hate group. look at what they did at berkeley university in california. they nearly destroyed it over a guy they disagreed with. it was not the kkk or white supremacy. they are shutting down free speech ,offensive
3967,0, hint call 1 800thewhitehouse ,not-offensive
3968,0, jfc!! we need gun control now. ,not-offensive
3969,0,thank you  we need to  buildthewall to keep them out but mandatory e verify will get them out !   rednationrising   trump  maga  sendthemhome  ,not-offensive
3970,0, he is going to tip him two new assholes ,not-offensive
3971,0,  yeah they showed up in america and themselves antifa. ,not-offensive
3972,1, like if alt right dudes were born in berkeley they would be antifa ,offensive
3973,0, the voters have decided about gun control. they have gotten bloodshed on a daily basis. ,not-offensive
3974,0, did not know he was still alive. ,not-offensive
3975,0,  wait you do not know who she is? oh boy ,not-offensive
3976,0,  why was not we given the chance to change our minds for 43years also if we have another vote and you win can we change our minds again or will all changing of minds be banned when you get your way ,not-offensive
3977,0, how about telling senator cory “spartacus” booker to stop taking money from big pharma and how about if aarp stops being so biased towards the liberals and remember that some of your customers are republicans ,not-offensive
3978,1,adulting is knowing who fucked cut off in your future plans..... ,offensive
3979,1,"  she says she is deeply religious"""" ... she did not say """"which"""" religion  ... satanists are very religious  ... peace"""" ",offensive
3980,1,  i love women like you. we believe all women. excluding one woman. soon yi is 48 years old. she is an adult. but such a reaction is very significant. it means hypocrisy. ,offensive
3981,0," only the left is violent, like they guy who shot gop senators, and antifa who trash berkeley, portland. and blm that trashed ferguson.  nobody who actually attacks makes death threat first, duh. they just do it"""" as nike who now supports cop killers put it."""" ",not-offensive
3982,0, for the best night sleep in the whole wide world... ,not-offensive
3983,1, fat ass liar strikes again.  neverforget ,offensive
3984,1, nansbabh bitch stfu ,offensive
3985,0,     be very careful because you are in danger of pushing maps back into the closet. ,not-offensive
3986,0,  what happened to your last guess kevin hassert?  huntsman has already denied it. so you are calling him a liar. ,not-offensive
3987,0,  like antifa hiding their faces? ,not-offensive
3988,0, these things happen from time time. likely to be antifa or a group like that causing trouble as they have nothing better to do ,not-offensive
3989,0, can we 'remove' eric holder? ,not-offensive
3990,0,  maga thumbs up  let that set in ...... ,not-offensive
3991,1, fake queen! ,offensive
3992,1, awh shit. ,offensive
3993,0,17 years ago he lied and claimed to have seen people celebrate.  17 years ago he boasted how his building is now the tallest.  17 years ago he said he had many friends that died in the wtc and yet not one funeral attended!!  17 years ago he was the same pos he is today. ,not-offensive
3994,1, because he made guys dumb as shit ,offensive
3995,0,  hi bernice smiling face with smiling eyes i hope you are enjoying the  xrpcommunity and learning lots about  xrp grinning face with smiling eyes +.0589  dizzycollisionface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
3996,0,  she thinks she can run for president.  these democrats seem to always forget there is video tape of all the stupid things they do.  she is irrelevant!  scotus will be confirmed and america is on the path to recovery from the 8 years of obama!smiling face with sunglasses🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
3997,0,  only conservatives pounce. ,not-offensive
3998,0,"  it is a shame seeing such an advanced case of tds combined with terminal liberalism, I will pray for you.  might want to reflect on nazi propaganda vs. modern liberal racists everywhere"""" tactics.  also compare antifa vs. nazi brown shirts.  who is righteous?  who is filled with hate?"""" ",not-offensive
3999,0,  thanks. I am going to test out herc again with limit broken white rose ce equipped on raikou ,not-offensive
4000,0,   here is the problem...if you go back to fast and furious you have proof that the atf was looking to influence gun control in the us. it may be preposterous that the government would fake sandy hook is not facilitating a drug war somewhat similar? ,not-offensive
4001,1, that asshole has so much nerve. unreal. ,offensive
4002,1,  i dimly remember an econ theory that might apply to chicago. what was it?  “guns and butt hurt?” ,offensive
4003,0, no shhhh he is proud of you ,not-offensive
4004,1,  steroids and pills mixed in with their alcohol that is a little bit of a big nightmare or bad dream right there... anti suicide laws and gun control license for each gun please walks into a cop station  ,offensive
4005,1,  you nailed that ass ,offensive
4006,0,  apparently twitter did not like your ellison post. screen capped anyways and will post elsewhere..  maga ,not-offensive
4007,0, socialist  liberals clarify  'we only want  socialism for everyone else'.  emmys  tuesdaythoughts  globalcitizen  elections2018 ,not-offensive
4008,1,  all 20 of them!  hardly a problem until the antifa of hundreds showed up .... for what!   to riot and destroy!!! ,offensive
4009,1, he spelled big dick wrong. ,offensive
4010,1, after listening to your well thought out arguments on gun control i would like to respond to your key points with my counter argument.  i do not like your gasses. ,offensive
4011,0,   she is horrible.  wakeup   makeamericagreatagain  makeamericaamericaagain john james for  senate !!!! ,not-offensive
4012,0,              california needs this man in the worst way.  the liberals have almost destroyed that state. ,not-offensive
4013,1,   the bigger problem is liberal gun control nuts that want open borders to try and ‘cleanse’ a society from established cultures. then create a ruling class or a communist structure that has been proven to fail. england is now a muslim breeding ground. shameful ,offensive
4014,0,       i just looked. she just advertises a horror movie she is in. ,not-offensive
4015,1, look up  kavanaugh  stop this shit!.  maga ,offensive
4016,0,                                          made it last night for you! rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
4017,0, conservatives *lied*!?!  about their virtues?  this is my shocked face. ,not-offensive
4018,0,  it is her choice her life...why would you want someone at your wedding if they do not want to be there. at least she is being honest . ,not-offensive
4019,1,          i met mark. and he is amazing. he is just as sassy in real life as in the show. ,offensive
4020,1,       louis farrakahn called. he said you are doing a great job of parroting his ideas.  means you do not have an original thought and that you are actually the puppet here . ,offensive
4021,1,     this is the violent liberal antifa party! now they try to convince us they they have a heart?  and some woman is knocking our men.  there is go around with kkk hoods beating up strangers and wrecking our towns. most violent corrupt party ever. ,offensive
4022,0, refuses to release thousands of documents  whataretheyhiding   consistent decisions against women's rights  civil rights  gun control  immigration  health care and financial problems..who paid off his debt   why would anyone vote to confirm ,not-offensive
4023,0,"    any article headlined  jesus, the original deplorable"""" is not worth even a second of anyone's time. and the fact that your fox news watching self is accusing liberals of following their own biases over facts is hilarious. or, it would be hilarious, if it was not so sad. do better."""" ",not-offensive
4024,0,   that is literally in the bible that conservatives love to thump but never read. ,not-offensive
4025,0, she is beautiful ,not-offensive
4026,0,  does not compute! ,not-offensive
4027,1,  that is how immature she is not to mention no class at all of!! not even a dime ,offensive
4028,0,   yes you are correct and i do not get what they see in him either. I am just thankful he is no longer in office. ,not-offensive
4029,0,"   that was what was observed initially. any interest in covering how the opposite has occurred since then according to all research and that it ended up being a smart marketing strategy? better make another when antifa attacks"""" video as 3 college kids yell in a cafeteria instead."""" ",not-offensive
4030,1, you are a coward and really have no right to be ag. you are a disappointment. your days are numbered and so his your party. ,offensive
4031,1,   trump does not understand his job? trump will go down as the most successful and obama and his entire admin as most corrupt ,offensive
4032,1," peoplesvote   stopbrexit     remain  i do not want to go.. either, you know what, after we leave, my slogans going to be it used to be better than this"""" should have stayed in. useless goverment. ",offensive
4033,0,  funny how liberals dig up ex lovers or fakes when a strong conservative conadidate that will be paced....at this point they have zero credibility. zero! ,not-offensive
4034,0, a10 every moment is a my best moment as she is my world  cartersbodysuitsweepstakes ,not-offensive
4035,0, stop ,not-offensive
4036,0, and hillary won the 2016 election? ,not-offensive
4037,0, if gov't remains status quo we can kiss our new found wealth goodbye! open and transparent! nothing less! thanks to  for having a spine!  maga  purge  buildthewall  sundayfunday  news  fakenews  media  business    foxnews  ,not-offensive
4038,0,.      please vote no on kavanaugh. he is not fit for scotus and allegations about women and shady financials should disqualify him.     ruleoflaw matters.  metoo  countryoverparty  withdrawkavanaugh   stopkavanaugh ,not-offensive
4039,1,the only thing the democrats have is lying and stalling to stop trump from being  president.  what have they done for you lately.  trump  kavanaugh  maga  demsuck ,offensive
4040,0, sounds like me  ddd ,not-offensive
4041,0, she ran are holding an assault rifle and calling for gun control. my may be moving left but not that far ,not-offensive
4042,0,  sexual assault should disqualify a nomination. ask yourself this why did not they ask him any questions about this in private or public hearing. the accuser had posting on facebook about stopping conservatives and trump. why do dems still trot out bill  clinton ,not-offensive
4043,0,  some people are talking crap about serena questioning her maturerity and justifications of her action. if you never get burn before you will not know how it feels to get burn serena knows   it she has seen it. she is tired of so she is speaking out and it is an issue. ,not-offensive
4044,0,  whatever your missing my point which is that he is not even reached his ceiling and not good enough for him he is better than 7th best in the lg ,not-offensive
4045,1, nigga you are about to lose ,offensive
4046,1, me estoy fucking alterando ,offensive
4047,0,3. nina  one of the reasons i did not read this book for so long was because i was so worried about her character. i should have trusted everyone. nina is a goddamn goddess i would die for a thousand times over. she is big and bold and lovely and perfect. her arc. is. perfect. ,not-offensive
4048,0,  its not that he can not dye the hair the way he wants it is part of the concept they promote using the haircolors from the music video ...all these things are planned well before hand . and you are leaving the part jin actually says they do not listen to their company. ,not-offensive
4049,0, fuckin love king tulip ,not-offensive
4050,0,  but the liberals do ,not-offensive
4051,0, here you go  ,not-offensive
4052,1,  speaks in nothing but dog whistles. who does she think she is fooling? ,offensive
4053,1, holy shit  how brainwashed can ya be? ,offensive
4054,0,   haha 'affordable' homes. new flats cost minimum 120k in south glasgow. how is that affordable when our pay rises are stagnant!? ,not-offensive
4055,1,   shit I am sad!!! persevering face ,offensive
4056,1, they are all democrats right?   they are not hiding it anymore!  fakejournalists   fakenews   nohonor  maga ,offensive
4057,1,   and they did. pr is a shit hole run by corrupt liberals. it was destroyed and it will take years and years and years to rebuild. ,offensive
4058,0, omg he is so extra ily ,not-offensive
4059,1,  good  that soundtrack you dmed me with was fire as fuck and i still listen to it oftenflexed bicepsmedium skin tone bad  my tracks are betterloudly crying face  joking I am shit  ,offensive
4060,1,   privilege lanethinking face  maga blvdthinking face good ole days avenuethinking face ,offensive
4061,0,  who remembers when this was a leftist argument in favor of antifa right around when they first became national news ,not-offensive
4062,1, hopefully your obesity catches up with you by then ,offensive
4063,0,       whatever the rights and wrongs she has talked about it and written about it publicly so if she had not sought or received help what are the people around her doing allowing her on such programmes as cbb and lw? i think she has the final say and likes the large sums she is offered! ,not-offensive
4064,0, ahhh  yo your mind!!! she is  yo your dorter!! ,not-offensive
4065,1,  calling conservatives hillbillies...hmmm that is original. funny how many “poor hillbillies” you tweet about have incomes and iq’s 4 times higher than you. your humour sucks btw. ,offensive
4066,1,  it is hilarious that liberals think there is an equivalency between using senate rules to keep a nominee from being voted on and bringing someone out to accuse a nominee of sexual assault 35 years ago. once again just showing how sane you are ,offensive
4067,0, exactly this anna! she is full of it. ,not-offensive
4068,0,    woooow he is so awesome !!! ,not-offensive
4069,1, wednesdaywisdom obama appointed liberal judges tired of looking stupid smacks california law down on gun control  2a  ,offensive
4070,1,  there should be a serious fbi investigation into this woman’s motives behind this political hit job. this kind of shit is never done to anyone other than conservatives. such bullshit. ,offensive
4071,0, my kitty you know that i love you and you are always in my mindssmiling face with heart eyescat facehugging face ,not-offensive
4072,0, even he is conceding his own spot. ,not-offensive
4073,0,   she is now in zim from midrand  let us wait and see ,not-offensive
4074,0," i do not agree. i prefer gun control"""". """"gun safety"""" shifts the debate into a lane that they prefer. do not give an inch."""" ",not-offensive
4075,1,   and you know what you trash too for being more worried about blaming and shitting on ariana for a death she is not responsible instead of mac. ,offensive
4076,1, I have been asking myself the same question and it is because he is such a phony. if he is such a fan of cleveland why is and he still playing for the cavaliers the pos. he is trying to save face with the fanbase and it is so obvious that is his fakeness! but stupid people will buy in ,offensive
4077,1, vote cruz!!! beto is part of the deep state that will turn control back over to the corrupted liberals!!!! ,offensive
4078,0, not manly enough for the guy hiding behind a fake name and profile pic. are we betas or violent antifa thugs? you guys can not seem to make up your minds. ,not-offensive
4079,0, he is short and felt i should bow down at the mention of engineer..  expressionless faceunamused face ,not-offensive
4080,0, torylies  peoplesvote   stopbrexit    false news ,not-offensive
4081,0, happyhappy birthday missy!!red heart️red heart️red heart️red heart️red heart️red heart️red heart️red heart️smiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
4082,0, donot worry sidhuji if modi can become pm you are in making.  hind national party ,not-offensive
4083,1, i second this they are fucking nuts ,offensive
4084,0,                                                  keep it going. patriots friends. just do not spam do not spam. send this to all your followers. ,not-offensive
4085,1,  the liberals can never handle the truth...the truth will make their heads collisioncollisioncollisioncollision ,offensive
4086,0,    i think she is trying to repair her image so she will be friendly to everyone. i hope they can all be friends. she needs to respect fessy and tyler's boundaries though now that their are dating other people. ,not-offensive
4087,0, nobody cares because he is getting confirmed. ,not-offensive
4088,0,    she is on the march to match kinscem. ,not-offensive
4089,1,   rean's arcane gale is broken. if he is going to be able to use that from scratch in sen iv   because of his demon form  it is going to be cool  using it in every battle! ,offensive
4090,1," kavanaugh can not back out of nomination. he could not go back to  dccircuit w no repercussions. this charge will follow him. when dems take back congress, they will launch investigations. conservatives who lie to get judgeships will be impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors"""""""" ",offensive
4091,0,  twisted dem talk exhibited as sen feinstein insists kavanaugh answer how he would handle a specific case. seems ginsburg rule not important to her when she is fishing for a specific answer! ,not-offensive
4092,1,   face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing it is funny how liberals use terms like “snowflake” and “triggered” because that is exactly the terms that were originally used by conservatives to describe liberals on election day! i still laugh my ass off I have never seen a grown he she before screen bloody murder over a new potus face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
4093,1, re ford when she was 15 where were her parents. are liberals corrupt politicians all going collude with people to come up with stories from years ago that can not be proved.  and to the senator from hawaii she is the reason women have a hard time. life are not easy. ,offensive
4094,0,                following all patriots. please follow back. thank you.  maga  kag  walkaway  witchhunt  redwaverising  votered  votedemsout  voteredtosaveamerica ,not-offensive
4095,0, chad she is a commie spar us!!!!! ,not-offensive
4096,0, all i see is this when i see this guy ,not-offensive
4097,1, this is so entertaining. nobody has thought about montel in years... and you are picking a fight with him. this is incredible. such a feeble mind you have. ,offensive
4098,1, and it is funny as obama starting talking about gun control shootings started happening. correlation definitely so. ,offensive
4099,1," and the brainless  dems wants us to believe that he does not have the majority. liberals is just like their leaders"""" the corrupts  obama and  crookedhillary both are real bad losers  maga  trump"""" ",offensive
4100,1,                                          yes kill them with kindness.  let potus and the military leos handle the violence.  nowwatching ,offensive
4101,0,   so the only difference affecting crime rates between hi and conus is gun control? ,not-offensive
4102,0, did not she also say “ trump will never be president take it to the bank” ,not-offensive
4103,0, seriously you are the best ,not-offensive
4104,0,. yes. debunked. ,not-offensive
4105,0,   has had to endure an assault on every aspect of his life and personality never seen in politics before. it is relentless. it comes from all sides. each day a new drama emerges for him and his supporters to deal with. it would test any1. its psychological warfare ,not-offensive
4106,0, hey i do not actually really care about celebs. I am 9 10 out of the loop with celeb news because i do not have any interest in western celebs.  if anything you should re’evaluate how you view celebs since you are the one placing a personal vendetta against someone for something  ,not-offensive
4107,0,  this is just more proof  are beyond unhinged and should never ever have power in this country again.  walkawayfromdemocrats  walkaway   ,not-offensive
4108,0,  then do something about gun control laws. ,not-offensive
4109,0, maga.        something is fishy with kavanaugh. he is not supreme court material    morally insufficient. ,not-offensive
4110,0, happy birthday s ! ,not-offensive
4111,1, gross ,offensive
4112,1," hello, twin. let ke correcting your typoness. our group name is  g i dle in case you are too lazy to use   """" or """" """" , you can use idle instead winking face"""" ",offensive
4113,0, the black helmets would have been hotter ,not-offensive
4114,1, but she is ok with killing babies ,offensive
4115,1,  one of the very first states in the us to legislatively legalize gay marriage. extremely progressive gun control. minimum wage increase. free college. i know these things do not count for dipshits like you. but they are major and they count. ,offensive
4116,1,     you are indeed an ewu so i will not trade words with you. anumanu. ,offensive
4117,0,     one of them just called me 'politically and morally bankrupt' because i said i would get behind him if he opposed brexit neutral faceface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
4118,0, right now the supreme court is divided 4 liberals 4 conservatives which means important rulings are coming up and they need kavanaugh vote ..and it is trumps ticket to freedom and it is the gop ticket to further their agenda ,not-offensive
4119,1," how is her go fund me"""" page working, kamala rama lama ding dong?  i believe you, anita, or is it antifa? the left is off the rails, and heading downhill with a load full of crap. keep drinking, and smoking your meds."""" ",offensive
4120,0," who the hell does  think he is to say that dr ford is mixed up"""" and is not to be believed. he is only showing his stunning ignorance about the issue and his partisan bias. he has not even heard what dr ford has to say nor does he know her. horrible man."""" ",not-offensive
4121,0, beast boy is 15 raven is 18 and robin and starfire are both at least in their early thirties ,not-offensive
4122,0, conservatives have been playing defence way too long. enough.  wakeup  makeamericagreatagain  democratsdividinganddestroyingamerica ,not-offensive
4123,0, tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives rehman chishti  a wonderful experience reading elmer the elephant to young karachiites at pkbritish britishcouncil library.  great to be able to promote the amazing work of bri… ,not-offensive
4124,1," better call cruz"""" is as slimy a piece of the perverted former gop and a prime example of why those used to be decent republican conservatives  need to  vote for beto"""" ",offensive
4125,1,  foolish why because some  idiots are doing whatever they can to sabotage him and   ? liberals are acting completely immoral and have no respect for those millions of legal voters who voted for    letsgovern ,offensive
4126,1, then resign. you have done nothing to check el presidente. you are part of the swamp and hold no nebraska values! resign ,offensive
4127,1,  leftists showing yet again how vile they can be ,offensive
4128,0,  liberals have never been able to grasp consequences....your example is the perfect response...he will probably still be unable to understand it though. ,not-offensive
4129,0,  ya and it looks like he is in a lit of the same mma accounts as we have. weird. ,not-offensive
4130,0, 6 for his last 30 with 12 k's and he is catcher that can not catch! ,not-offensive
4131,1," there is no such thing as an antifa warrior"""". they are all coward bitches. marcus smart is tougher than that by far"""" ",offensive
4132,0,  elon has been smoking too much dope and he apparently got a bad batch. even i knew that vessel he sent would not work to rescue the  thailandchildren.  quit. ,not-offensive
4133,0, so you are ok with boris johnson having to have police protection from antifa momentum then? tories are clearly scared of  because the tories know they are not delivering the brexit that 17.4 million people voted for. shame tories do not condemn antifa. ,not-offensive
4134,0, bullcrap ,not-offensive
4135,0,                         hahahaha that was like a vacation with a bunch of liberals. oops grimacing face ,not-offensive
4136,0,    blocked me also. i do not even know who he is ,not-offensive
4137,1,  just looked up his work history he is listed on the board of leading age services aust  lasa  and comes from medicare local alliance...what ever the hell that is ,offensive
4138,0, yes you are ily ok ,not-offensive
4139,0,   I am just pointing out it was the liberals that made this distinction. i am a buddhist. i totally understand the global perspective. it is just disingenuous to say your for a country but then say your for the globe. ,not-offensive
4140,1,. liberals are steamrolling  tpp through parliament without proper debate. why are the liberals hell bent on killing canadian manufacturing jobs?  cdnpoli ,offensive
4141,0,  they have been trying. a couple of veterans happened 2 b assaulted by antifa. wrong!! they were surprised! fight kind of broke up the protestingastonished face ,not-offensive
4142,1, liberals with their lies again. ,offensive
4143,0, are you going to become an antifa fighter now ,not-offensive
4144,0, you are not ,not-offensive
4145,0,  how about charges against ellison with 911 calls to validate and this was not when 17 ,not-offensive
4146,0, proud to be antifa af!!!! ,not-offensive
4147,0, but we will make it through this dark patch. history will not repeat itself. the evil of anti semitism can not count on the indifference and complicity that once killed millions. the good people of the uk and europe will stand up for each other. you are important here. 2 2 ,not-offensive
4148,1," authoritarianism is terrifying and destructive. right now the conservatives are authoritarian neo liberals. fascism is right wing, not left wing. centrist politics to privatise profit but burdening tax payers with all the risks is a bad deal and why centrism"""" is unpopular."""" ",offensive
4149,0,  hey andrew which problems are specifically the result of justin’s actions. you do not seem to have any solid info to tweet and you do not read  the articles you retweet. there are not enough conservatives in this county to get you elected. so you would better start speaking to everyone ,not-offensive
4150,0,  ppl must realize by now hrc only speaks when she is told to speak and only what she is supposed to say. hrc has not had an original thought since college and probably before.   research her pas with her ss guards and you will see how calm and considerate she is! ,not-offensive
4151,1,  right!!! politics has no place in anyone's reproductive organs or their sex lives!!!! ,offensive
4152,0, tua has rb type vision. he is a gem stone. ,not-offensive
4153,1,   she is really talking nonsense.. can she talk like this for bible and quran? ,offensive
4154,0,  when your bio is the most relevant piece of shit everthinking faceeyes ,not-offensive
4155,0, believe in something. even if it means sacrificing everything   like hitler did ,not-offensive
4156,0,    “it is the people that should not have them that is the problem” exactly!! that is gun control! keeping them out of the hands of those who should not have them. ,not-offensive
4157,0,"     conservatives really need to come up with something better  for an excuse besides their worn out hillary clinton..."""". I have never defended either clinton but trumps undereducated base consistantly assumes if ones against  then they are for clinton that is ignorant"""" ",not-offensive
4158,1, she is evil!  how dare her. ,offensive
4159,0," your antifa army are the dregs of society"""". i pay taxes."""" ",not-offensive
4160,1, he is toxic even for alligators ,offensive
4161,0,   ann's a smart lady and she is absolutely right!    buildthewall ,not-offensive
4162,0,   I am not excusing his actions but the counter protesters had no right to block the streets  they are partly to blame as well  2 wrongs do not make a right just like antifa going around physically assaulting people and using weapons to hurt people  but your k with one side doing it ,not-offensive
4163,1,"why ... it is their trail of corruption ... and they have so much of it going on, and at all times, they do not want any slips"""" ... do not want american people to know who they really are and what they have been up to ...  maga ",offensive
4164,1,you will not hear it here!  jobless claims lowest since 1969  four years before you were born . dow in record territory  how many times now since 1 17? . got to be a pile of shit in this room of ponies  right  at   maga ,offensive
4165,0,  she is flat out lying! ,not-offensive
4166,0, you liberals have decided to walk that dangerous line  to allow accusations without any basis whatever.  suppose someone accuses you of abusing your children. do not you have the right to know who it is and on what basis they make the charge? well? ,not-offensive
4167,1,  not one of these “journalists” mentioned the arrest of the corrupt mayor yesterday. i guess they were busy not getting blown away in the wind ,offensive
4168,0," unfortunately, both liberals and conservative parties , leaders and fringe parties no longer know what canadians really think! they said they  know"""" , but that is house ping pong rhetoric ! even the polls are not reliable.  canadians starved for a clear strong visionmaple leafmission! ",not-offensive
4169,1,  it is bull shit. we all know. ,offensive
4170,1, the guy is not even a white romanian he is a gypsy! ,offensive
4171,0,"1  this argument that 'boyhood' does not deserve scrutiny only seems to apply to white boys and men of high socioeconomic status. kavanaugh should be judged for who he is today, influential political voices, mostly conservatives, argue, not what he supposedly did in high school."""""""" ",not-offensive
4172,0,   antifa?  lol. really stretching there. hee hee. he is going down for obstruction of justice too. ,not-offensive
4173,1,  careful now soyboy stickman. your arms might fall clean off. dweeb. ,offensive
4174,0, a letter she wrote was used as an exhibit by the aclu in their lawsuit against the trump administration on family separations at the border. she sounds connected. ,not-offensive
4175,0,"  i watched you on with ari melber and you were great. you are strong, articulate and have a large heart that extends to those who need a voice. congrats to you. i guess we know who is the boss is now""""!"""" ",not-offensive
4176,0, google anti american? ,not-offensive
4177,1, disgusting.. pedophile ,offensive
4178,1, I am hoping it is a joke.  antifa are morons and have no clue how many people carry backup guns. their  disarmthem stunt will make them a lethal threat in most states. do the math on what will happen. silly  antifagoons ,offensive
4179,0, ah... but are not the railways so much better now they have been privatised by the   ,not-offensive
4180,1, what they fail to realize is that if even 10  of trump supporters decide to use force to protest like the lunatic left does now it will be like white sleeves and antifa soy boy. they really do not want to keep up this level of rhetoric. ,offensive
4181,0,4 weeks until we go back to this awesome place. some awful behavior from adults staring at her skin but she is a wee fighter.  11 months clear now and her confidence back.  blue heart ,not-offensive
4182,1, your so correct! liberals r so easy to figure out! make america great again  get rid of all liberal woman ,offensive
4183,0, confidence = rigged ,not-offensive
4184,0, boycotting the national fools league ,not-offensive
4185,0, none. gun control is a proven failure. just like in mexico. rather we need to reintroduce moral teaching into schools and fix our brocken mental health system. ,not-offensive
4186,0, he is such a good ad for conservatives ,not-offensive
4187,1, let her come to dc and testify by being safely surrounded by the dnc’s street army  antifa and even let them wear those cute black masks. that way americans can see the diversity of the democrat party and how they protect their own. good? ,offensive
4188,0,and you are myy brotherrred heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
4189,0,                                                  i guess you did not see the 9 11 ad that replaced db. glad you are up on things. ,not-offensive
4190,1,  you have a dick? damn did not know bhadbhabie was actually a bhadtranny ,offensive
4191,0, why should  serenawillams be paying a fine for speaking the truth? she is not responsible for a  coach who apparently was trying to sabotage her   not just the referee... ,not-offensive
4192,0, it is so very important between now and the midterms to get the word out that all the  democrats want people of color to believe is they support them   which as you know is so false. how can the word spread even more to those who need to know?  maga  naacp ,not-offensive
4193,1,   gov brown needs a class on  maga 101. also need a swift kick in the pants for insulating  . ,offensive
4194,1, looks like antifa thugs. ,offensive
4195,1, i know but look outside the box its like when rush limbaugh lost his shit. they remind me of each other so in my head its funny. ,offensive
4196,1, i love the way this pisses off liberals. ,offensive
4197,1,  why do liberals preach gun control but go and get stupid with guns? ,offensive
4198,1,  yes you are. you are just too blind to realize it ,offensive
4199,0, and here we go !!! ,not-offensive
4200,1, he is kidding no one. his paper towel throwing stunt was seen around the world. he looked the ridiculous clown yet again. and we as a nation were scorned for the epic fail of a rescue mission to puerto rico. ,offensive
4201,0,trump’s border wall will never happen.  maga  bluewave2018 ,not-offensive
4202,0,the party of bill clinton and ted kennedy are accusing brett kavanaugh of sexual misconduct while he was in high school.  think about that irony for a moment.  maga ,not-offensive
4203,0, he looks just like fred with a moustache. ha ha ,not-offensive
4204,1,   you are neither authority nor arbiter. have a seat. ,offensive
4205,1,54 concert goers massacred in fort worth with 9mm ruger p89. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,offensive
4206,0,    yes. including the staff and the bureaucracy. ,not-offensive
4207,1,  liberals ruin everything! ,offensive
4208,0, hah! makes me think of my cat back at home   3 mighty hunter that she is! ,not-offensive
4209,0, hell no ,not-offensive
4210,1,                 retweet to the end of time. maga trump2020 and beyond. ,offensive
4211,1,. my god.  theemmys  and the limousine liberals are sick disgusting animals with no brains.  . ,offensive
4212,1, another elitist who is out of touch with the patriotic americans! ,offensive
4213,0,   if liberals are against kavanaugh then he is the best man for the job. ,not-offensive
4214,0,  she is asking questions there are no answers for. ,not-offensive
4215,0,    he is probably trapped in his mind palace. e every android model has one. ,not-offensive
4216,0," i do not know where he is. he is often gone without telling me where he goes to."""" he shrugs his shoulder.  """"why do not you go to your girlfriend?"""""""" ",not-offensive
4217,0," i read a comment from a women saying  why did not you come to us when slavery was a choice, wearing maga hats and talking with trump"""""""" ",not-offensive
4218,1, i know a whole lotta people spitting a whole lot of bullshit right now idk if you will ever see this but i pray you feel no way responsible for what happened today. you have already been through so damn much. just know that you are good you are great i love you. ,offensive
4219,0,   how dare you for questioning my service in a little thing called the vietnam war? france surrendered vietnam to snowflake supremo ho chi minh. liberals jfk and lbj went in but refused to fight to win. we should go back to vietnam to finish the fight. restore the draft? ,not-offensive
4220,1, because you could not even begin to respond since you can not speak in full sentences and your words are so limited ,offensive
4221,1, a who are mayor stealing the money and funded by dems to bash potus. what the fuck is the country doing with a 1960's power grid? god knows there is enough    to replace it. ,offensive
4222,0, you are an incredible person pal. i know you will not ever convince yourself otherwise ,not-offensive
4223,0, you are so talented i adore you ,not-offensive
4224,1,    she is a liberal all she has to do is disagree with you on one thing to determine that you are a terrible person. remember liberals talk from their high horses of superior morality. ,offensive
4225,0,  you are just as far away behind the goals at hampden than you are at wembley. there is a lot of greeting faced people up here ,not-offensive
4226,1,  stratadata  ai  data  hairball   tdavis touring the application of  cognitive and  machinelearning techniques to speed  governance of  data ,offensive
4227,1, how about just f*!k her  she is an instigating big mouth bitc* and so is her evil friend.  my opinion!!!  teamtani ,offensive
4228,0,                                                 hey we just want everyone to know that you are for potus and 🇺🇸!   maga!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸grinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyescollisioncollisionfirefireclapping handsclapping handswaving handwaving handflexed bicepsflexed bicepsflexed bicepsOK handOK handthumbs upthumbs up ,not-offensive
4229,0," democrats want more gun control.  i say    go to the range and practice,..  you will get better. """"   nra  maga ",not-offensive
4230,0, is not it time for the bbc to be asking some probing questions of the leader of the scottish conservatives..it is in the public interest ,not-offensive
4231,0, yes!  we were.  back again.  thank you so much.  hope you are all well..red heart️ ,not-offensive
4232,0,  two words  gun control ,not-offensive
4233,1,  good for her.....  that is some fine gun control. double tap to an ass ,offensive
4234,0,"     if you read this thread  seemed to imply that the views and actions of soros are the same as everyone on the left""""  i. e. if you are """"left"""" you support antifa ... did i misread?"""" ",not-offensive
4235,0,     thank you mama cookie she is my long distance cousin. she will treat you well. ,not-offensive
4236,0, she is not trying to be a better person she is just trying to save herself from all the horrible things she did!! ,not-offensive
4237,0,  ah she is no  ,not-offensive
4238,0,"1. i largely regret looking to one more conservative"""" and """"more right leaning  perhaps even relatively speaking for america """" on topics relating to transgender in relation to modern incarnations of conservatives on youtube  these people are referred to as """"anti sjws""""  and the"""" ",not-offensive
4239,0,"us education can use a ton of rethinking""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
4240,1,a videographer who reported on the violence of antifa was found dead due to a tragic car accident. police now believe his death was no accident at all.  welcome to the tolerant left.  ,offensive
4241,0, we did not lie! he is a fan tho!rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
4242,0,  she held on to something “almost” happening  according to her  for 35 yrs and then decides to try and ruin his life?   she is the despicable.  regardless of what did or did not happen. ,not-offensive
4243,0, americans need gun control! ,not-offensive
4244,0, he basically said i am changing the second character because i refuse to be associated or share the same last name as the rest of you. ,not-offensive
4245,1,  good god woman. shut up. if you liberals really believed this  would have spoke out against this the day she received the letter. ,offensive
4246,0, he is 100  and ballin' ,not-offensive
4247,0,   alien ilegal! see? ,not-offensive
4248,0, it is so funny that she is scared of pigs. this could be a plot for your next children's book. ,not-offensive
4249,0, china's theft of ip. is between 400 and 600 billion in economic value. stop that for  maga. ,not-offensive
4250,1,  so glad you are an american! americans do not hate....liberals are the true party of hate! ,offensive
4251,0,             at least he is trying he is not busy tweeting hate tweets like you n your buddy aka bishop jonso!! ,not-offensive
4252,0, remember when for decades conservatives yelled at liberals and progressives for being moral relativists  they were not ? that was fun. ,not-offensive
4253,0,  gun safety reform? what exactly does that mean? do you mean gun control? ,not-offensive
4254,0,  me too! ,not-offensive
4255,0,looking into the shooting in maryland but no info since the feed is nothing but protest. why do the gun grabbers not want anything out. we know it was a female.  maga ,not-offensive
4256,0, I am calling it now he is still superman but not for a long time.  i think welcome back is letting him do his own thing and down the road they are going to gear up for man of steel 2. ,not-offensive
4257,0, the tory country first is what   meant. the rest can still suffer austerity that was caused by the rich banks. parasitic tories always have been and always will be. the evil party that is the  ,not-offensive
4258,1,  this is purely a move to block a nomination. liberals said early on they would not vote for him. this made up story is a slap in the face to all who were really sexually harassed. it shows liberals really do not care about any true victims. power first. ,offensive
4259,1, the only deep disgrace and abuse of rights is your existence in relativity.  even the generation before mine knows who you are rae.  low life opportunist. government over people. suck a liberal dick you alt left nazi! ,offensive
4260,0,   2bn is notong term that shud b annually. ,not-offensive
4261,1,so since dems want stand on a soapbox over kavanaugh exactly when  will you be addressing the sexual slush fund covering your backsides  maga ,offensive
4262,0, the  are currently polling 6  chuka. khan will lose london to the tories at next mayoral election. but that is the aim of the blairite cosplaying tories. keep the conservatives in power stop any real alternative to the financial services 2nd british empire gaining power. ,not-offensive
4263,1,   i think he is on crack! ,offensive
4264,1,  tell us blue. while npr knows this kid with zero experience was railroaded by that shit mueller with the help of an actual cia spy halper. ,offensive
4265,0, he is  been  leading  the  trump  opposition  since day  òne. ,not-offensive
4266,1, eric holder......globalist  evil personified. ,offensive
4267,0, because he covers things up very well!! ,not-offensive
4268,0,"5 5   the time is right for this house to respond to the concerns of all canadians. four out of five canadians support stronger gun control and with good reason.”  guncontrol  cdnpoli  cdnhist"""" ",not-offensive
4269,1, destroy america is more the 24 7 chant from all democrats including hillary. ,offensive
4270,0,   democrat  supports domestic terror group  antifa ,not-offensive
4271,1,   there has to be a way where conservatives who look the other way and approve of sexual assault and victim shame to endorse their political agenda and hatred are held accountable. why do not you sign your name so you can be held accountable for your lies ,offensive
4272,0,  so death tolls are determined by studies and computer programs? ,not-offensive
4273,0,54 night club partiers slaughtered in oregon with .30 caliber universal m 1 carbine. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,not-offensive
4274,1,  agreed! it is not gun control they want   it is people control. without guns we are helpless and they know it! our founders knew this too     2a ,offensive
4275,0,  sloppy and pathetic. ,not-offensive
4276,0,      dirk is not a plumber. he is top 25 all time. dan majerle and danny ainge shoudn't be mentioned in the same breath as him. ,not-offensive
4277,1, shooting in usa is so common no one is talking about gun control any more. ,offensive
4278,0, i am drunk and listening to wings. more fun than the emmys for me?? keep writing. you are the new ebert. no pressure     ,not-offensive
4279,1, feel sorry for the voters no good choice pig face ,offensive
4280,0,  that is funny...that is exactly how i describe him.  notmypope ,not-offensive
4281,1, never had. let us fuck it up. ,offensive
4282,1,   as a kid of legal immigrants i can attest you are 100  correct. they follow the law to the letter in most cases because they worked so damn hard to get her legally they will not do anything to risk their status. the illegals have contempt for our laws and pull the scams 24 7 ,offensive
4283,0," attention.  is publicizing an antifa target list of trump supporters. some names are high profile and many are random trump supporters. please report him to twitter! they have not suspended his account. chick the list for your name under lists""""."""" ",not-offensive
4284,0,  your ‘political analysis’ have been blinded by your obvious bias. otherwise you could not have come up with such wrong conclusions. turnbull was the biggest threat to the liberals existence. removal also proved that there never was such thing as ‘turnbull’s popularity’. ,not-offensive
4285,1, it would better be on monday and who the hell are they to slow walk this and dictate terms?  maga ,offensive
4286,0,  there is no crying in politics ,not-offensive
4287,1, 2 battering rams used by liberals  sex and racism. it is sinister and desperate  beneathhumanity ,offensive
4288,0, what is that gif called? ,not-offensive
4289,1," it is really slowing me down. i want to ask if i could just bring in my personal mac and use that as my work computer but i do not want to seem like that apple snob"""" but I am over here shook."""" ",offensive
4290,0, when is the next meeting? ,not-offensive
4291,0, resist    why are not dems and msm blasting this story?? i can only imagine only false stories against conservatives count. ,not-offensive
4292,1,"  hillary was blaming women not too long ago.  better hope the uneducated"""" do not show up to vote again.    “it is not so much that liberals are ignorant. it is just that they know so many things that are not so.”"""" ",offensive
4293,1, k. dog shit. ,offensive
4294,0, but you are much prettier .sun with face ,not-offensive
4295,1, i think i liked it better when conservatives pretended that rape is bad. now they are claiming rape gets better with time? ,offensive
4296,0, you said your complains for fox news is nothing like trump’s war against news media. you are right. trump did not use “espionage act of 1917” to spy reporters he does not like. yours is much worse and scary!! ,not-offensive
4297,1, the team even know he is ass ,offensive
4298,0, as we should declare antifa a terrorists group and investigate all of it is members. ,not-offensive
4299,0, you sound like the nazis my family came to america to go back and fight in their home. you have a lot to learn. antifa is an enemy of america just like the nazi's ,not-offensive
4300,1, had to create a whole fake page just to talk  shit. face with rolling eyes sis is really just miserable  sad ,offensive
4301,0, look who is talking.  maga ,not-offensive
4302,0, he needs shielding from his nana too. ,not-offensive
4303,0, agreed 100 . they are the majority.  and there letting the  liberals dictate how they want to proceed! ,not-offensive
4304,0, realtornggiveaway  how many are ready for our friday giveaway?  retweet if you are! ,not-offensive
4305,1,"  everything else was ten years ago. """"  you are a liar, this is total bs propaganda from team trump  his crimes were throughout the past decade, including up to 2016"""" ",offensive
4306,0, another person that should be blocked is @ camillekruger42. this person is not vulgar but has some sort of agenda where he she is copy and pasting every one of ed's tweets and passing them off as their own. every single tweet. it is sick and creepy. ,not-offensive
4307,1,  i never watch the nfl !!!’ panthers suck by the way !!! ,offensive
4308,0,  best way to convince ppl the a moment is not unforgiving is to savage any person who dares question your forgivingness. ,not-offensive
4309,0,    a friend of both myself and your father. so she is safe to talk to.” ,not-offensive
4310,0,  i believe he is formerly law enforcement before a career change. ,not-offensive
4311,0,"   no, we conservatives have not.  it is smoken' mirrors by establishmnt dems who are inbred, demon possessed and controlled by lucifer  father of lies""""  through soros obama clinton et al @ this juncture in history.   reversepcism is key and rebuke them all in the name of jesus!!!  kag!"""" ",not-offensive
4312,0, thanks for the following and together we can help maga and kag but most of all thank you for your service and your sacrifices for our country ,not-offensive
4313,0,   conservatives and republicans alike should receive and give forgiveness. give me peace fam. ,not-offensive
4314,0,  why do they thing liberals do not own guns? we do not spend our life savings on them. ,not-offensive
4315,0, he has the msm covering up ,not-offensive
4316,0,  thank you sm! ,not-offensive
4317,0, so what about your antifa children harassing and threatening members of congress at their homes? or is that different? ,not-offensive
4318,0,  what an incredibly odd little man he is. ,not-offensive
4319,0,  is trying too hard to create a racist agenda. ,not-offensive
4320,0,i think judge kavanaugh will be voted through next week after mondays hearing unfortunately for him his reputation has tarnished by these vicious lies maga wwgiwga ,not-offensive
4321,0, how does he know canada wants him? they seem to have enough problems with liberals right now. ,not-offensive
4322,1,  he is treason. he went to iran for what?  to beg iran to give them the treasons  more time to get the power back so they can keep giving tax payers    to iran the terrorists leader. ,offensive
4323,0,  i think she is great ,not-offensive
4324,1,  horrendously sad that we all know who “he” is.   it gives me no joy to know I am smarter than the president. ,offensive
4325,0,  let us play a game called spot the bot!  my guess is this account above... ,not-offensive
4326,0,  the same left wing lie. the economist seems a teenage antifa facebook post. ,not-offensive
4327,0,  you are welcome casey. ,not-offensive
4328,0,***non union submissions*** alex is currently taking submissions for a show working tomorrow in long beach. she is looking for males who appear to be african american or hispanic looking and can portray... ,not-offensive
4329,0,  christine ford is now saying she is not 100 percent sure it was kavanaugh. you better know for sure. do not waste the american peoples time if you are not sure of your charges. th senate committee will ask you very probing questions you need to answer. ,not-offensive
4330,1, its clear you would not listen anyways since you are more interested in arguing over the non existent racism of that tweet rather than calling out the ignorant white girl on display ,offensive
4331,0,                                                 of course.  thanks for making my point.  antifa has no clue what fascism is. ,not-offensive
4332,1,"  prepared? all she has to say is  i do not remember"""" all the time and liberals will believe her bs."""" ",offensive
4333,0, let that sink in liberals ,not-offensive
4334,0, call up  about time he got a call upraising handslight skin tone he is showing he can perform at a big level! he might not be at a top 4 club but he can score give him a chance!.. ,not-offensive
4335,1,   still thinks she matters.face with rolling eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyesface with tears of joy ,offensive
4336,1,                                                  lol!! same to you! awe!  how is it feel to want for the first time gimmie?!  is that a new feeling for you?  has mommy kept you on the tit all these years and now you do not know how to fend for yourself?! ,offensive
4337,1,"  republicans love to say it is too early to talk"""" about common sense gun control after these events   what they really want is people to forget and amnesia to kick in so they can ignore doing their jobs which is to protect the public  gun control works and r's just procrastinate"""" ",offensive
4338,1,"  because you have paranoid and always spam omg she is 16 she is 16 she is 16 she is 16"""" and you spam to everyone that she is 16 and credit telltale in your every posts. it is so fucking funny for me. chill out. no one cares that she is 16."""" ",offensive
4339,1, pussy and ass are victory handmedium dark skin tonedifferent times. and I have never in my black life ever ate chittlerings laughing out loud ,offensive
4340,1,   please take john harwood's pen away.  he is incapable of unbiased reporting. ,offensive
4341,0,                                                  has to with the revelations of what the liberals have been up to. ,not-offensive
4342,0,  does that mean he still our  superman ? pleaseeeeee say he is folded handsmedium light skin tonefolded handsmedium light skin tonefolded handsmedium light skin tonefolded handsmedium light skin tone ,not-offensive
4343,1, can this guy get any lower?  one of the dumbest people in our country!  how did anyone in arizona voted for this idiot? ,offensive
4344,1, washingtonpost broke the story therapist notes miss ford stated four men assaulted her angry face now it is twoface with open mouth  votedemsout to end  dirtytricks stop what is wrong with  dc  kavanaugh  maga  foxnews  liar  cnn  msnbc  senflake  wrong to use  metoo for politics   christineblaseyford ,offensive
4345,1,"     antifa means anti fascist"""". I am not sure there is an antifa organization, but there are millions who are anti fascist.  why are you not one of them?"""" ",offensive
4346,1,  wassamatta? starting to wet your pants? worried about all your dirty deeds coming out? concerned about not getting a view cell at  gitmo?   maga   kag2020   drainthedeepstate   walkawaydemocrats2018   liberalismisamentaldisease ,offensive
4347,0, not surprised. we need more fiscal conservatives not less to solve illinois financial mess. ,not-offensive
4348,1,"   well, they will cut out 299 pages and replace it with 1 saying everyone needs more chlorine""""  c'mon are you chicken?"""" ",offensive
4349,1,"     at least we have brains to fall out"""" in the first place  unlike conservatives who believe everything their handlers feed them."""" ",offensive
4350,0, divine she is ,not-offensive
4351,0, thanks for the kind words! we are so glad to hear that you are loving the mattress! grinning face ,not-offensive
4352,0, you go girl! god bless you and all the survivors and for getting young people out there to vote for common sense gun control ,not-offensive
4353,0, please leave my girlfriend alone i know she is too good you all do not understand. ,not-offensive
4354,0,  liberals pitching fits again ,not-offensive
4355,0,9.15am appointment with a specialist and she is already running 45 minutes behind schedule. front end booking strategy so she never has in paid appointments all day.  the arrogance of medical specialists is impressive. architects could learn a lot from them. ,not-offensive
4356,0, she is buttering the media up...  guilty... ,not-offensive
4357,0, you are such a beautiful classy lady ,not-offensive
4358,0,  hope he is feeling better soon. ,not-offensive
4359,0, i expect to see a lotta yetis wearing maga hats. ,not-offensive
4360,0, you are wise. ,not-offensive
4361,0, I am by no means an expert in how to pitch a gun control law to your congress. ,not-offensive
4362,0,  it was off the platform how is this ok!?!?? ,not-offensive
4363,0,     what so democraps can do this to someone else? it is nothing but a smear campaign. liberals just are not honest enough to admit it. ,not-offensive
4364,0, no he is waging war against you and all of the horrible things you have done. ,not-offensive
4365,0, here she is  disappointed face ,not-offensive
4366,0,  he shot himself in a gun free zone.  so much for gun control laws ,not-offensive
4367,0,                                 i love pointing out to antifa shit bags that they are in fact the thugs they claim to be against. ,not-offensive
4368,1, whoever you are you deserve this ,offensive
4369,0, i wish i was a short as you. oof. I am just as tall as okabe and you are a size of r luka. laughing out loud ,not-offensive
4370,0,                                                  got you ,not-offensive
4371,0,  not so much. trump is mental. he is president. he responds badly to opposition  well to praise. graham needs to get through mueller investigation and judges. trump will then be asked to step down. pence will be president and will pardon whole family. new judges in place. the end. ,not-offensive
4372,0,   i have never understood why there are not more officers visibly supporting tighter gun control. it makes their job so much more dangerous with all these random people with  their guns. ,not-offensive
4373,0, that is what we need. a nationwide vote on gun control. let the people vote for a bill and force congress to pass it if it is the will of the majority.  powertothepeople ,not-offensive
4374,1,  why do you identify as antifa if you are transphobic? ,offensive
4375,0,   bring it! i look fwd to the must see tv drama where one of the most knowledgeable legal minds in the country  and scotus nominee  will cross examine a lady re  events from 35 yrs ago that has already shown that she can not remember location time people involved.  maga ,not-offensive
4376,0, that is right  walkawayfromdemocrats   voteredtosaveamerica   votered2018   mcga.  maga ,not-offensive
4377,1, fuck bfa i am going back to rift ,offensive
4378,1, fuck a drug test ,offensive
4379,0, you are too kind sweetie x ,not-offensive
4380,1,  popular side does not equal winning side. facts are that private schools do a much better job educating students than public schools. public school teachers get unfair perks that they do not deserve. it is unfair to private school teachers. ,offensive
4381,1, that or she is an awfully good transvestite ,offensive
4382,1,  glad i wear wranglers. so what gun control would you propose that will stop the criminals? ,offensive
4383,0,  if the banks fall then peoples money falls too ,not-offensive
4384,0,  thoughts and prayers do not work. we need sensible gun control legislation. ,not-offensive
4385,0, cool!   and that is the way it should be!!!! ,not-offensive
4386,0, girl so am i.. laughing out loud he is actually grown now loudly crying face ,not-offensive
4387,0,               followed all patriots 🇺🇸  maga 🇺🇸 thank you in advance for your follow back. 🇺🇸 maga 🇺🇸  votered ,not-offensive
4388,0, 16 vic had 2 games with multi sacks against ot are ? in playoffs that same yr no impact. he is a 6.5 sack guy. you look at his frame compared to 58 and 52 he should be mix between the 2 as a former ot he does not bend the corner enough after intial punch and he quits ,not-offensive
4389,0,1 it does not matter how anyone feels 2 anyone can talk about something. there are no segregated conversations. unless you are a regressive. ,not-offensive
4390,1, shameonyou  conservatives proud of yourselves for inflicting such horrors on the folk of  palestinian.…... ,offensive
4391,0, she is very cute so she can get away with this ,not-offensive
4392,0,  pick️ hmm.. closest emoji to a shovel go figure... ,not-offensive
4393,1,"   it would not surprise me a bit. just like they falsely call conservatives, fascists"""" and justify physically attacking them. """"trump's a nazi, kill him!"""". it is just a matter of time before they suggest it."""" ",offensive
4394,0,                                                  let us just keep on  maga!! megaphone maga!!Statue of LibertyStatue of LibertyStatue of Liberty🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸grinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
4395,0, they are just wasting their money dims do not read books and conservatives do not read smut ,not-offensive
4396,1, carter was the worst one term president until h was passed for that title by oba our first black racist president!  kind of like  a black jefferson davis! ,offensive
4397,0,  it sounds like you are describing the trumps ,not-offensive
4398,0,  you can convert but it is very hard and discouraged. if just your father is jewish you are not jewish ,not-offensive
4399,0,trump is making america great again   via  ,not-offensive
4400,1,  rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy he is a communist fool!!!! ,offensive
4401,0,   you have got too many newyork liberals moving into the state. i see it in my town. ,not-offensive
4402,0,  video was worth it ,not-offensive
4403,1,  far right bastards. they are literally everywhere. luckily we have far left extremists like antifa and jeremy corbyn's supporters to act as a counter balance. ,offensive
4404,0, i bet. ,not-offensive
4405,0, dueprocess not permitted for  conservatives but  documented evidence against  democrat can not be believed  doublestandards  confirmkavanaughnow  ,not-offensive
4406,0, nope  i was fortunate to be online when he posted it. sounded like bullshit to me at first too until a few other celebs chimed in.  daffy ,not-offensive
4407,1,  he ran and hid after posting an ad about illegal border crossers. as soon as cbc started their shouting racist. it is not racist and instead of standing up for what he believes he bailed. the conservatives should not have picked him ,offensive
4408,1,   jokes are funny if the person saying them does not really hate whites and christians.  that is a national past time for liberals these days.  funny stuff...for the louis farrakhan crowd.  racist crap by any barometer. ,offensive
4409,0, exactly what i think. ,not-offensive
4410,0, for being bang 10yrs ago n now the statue of liberty? the left have gone bonkers. ,not-offensive
4411,0,  finally! smaller more cost effective government! thank you conservatives! ,not-offensive
4412,0, god + maga = block.  buhbye. ,not-offensive
4413,0,   he is going to ..how do you say..?? splinter the sphincter of dcrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
4414,0, how about holder uses a gag to shut himself up? ,not-offensive
4415,0,   nazis. we told you.   join  antifa! ,not-offensive
4416,1,  it is ashame that republican party do not do anything about gun control after all these people have been killed for no reason it is ashame that republican party do not do anything about cop killing the republicans are trying to distract america ,offensive
4417,0,      let us get electric ferries and tear down our dams. liberals do not make sense. ,not-offensive
4418,0, no worries !  thank you for responding can i ask you a question i find it very interesting? can you tell me why you are an atheist I am just curious. ,not-offensive
4419,0,     she just knew she was having a girl!! she is excited now!! ,not-offensive
4420,1, anita hill wasca liar then and she is a liar now. ,offensive
4421,0," rebekahismoftheday  wednesdaywisdom  liberals  there is no such thing as gender.""""  me  """"really? then tell me more about the wage gap."""""""" ",not-offensive
4422,0,  probably really had more to do with rubio. ,not-offensive
4423,0, hate to rain on the parade but this is most likely a 1 11 arkansas team they beat. glad for mason as he is a great player but the team they beat would not be competitive in c usa ,not-offensive
4424,0, she is telling to be best  to students. wow ! what a role model she is. ,not-offensive
4425,0,                                                  did i say something personal? ,not-offensive
4426,0, why is it a confederate flag 'makes' one a racist?  an antifa flag makes one an america hating terrorist. ,not-offensive
4427,0, who needs courts when you have clairvoyant liberals. ,not-offensive
4428,0,   joke    patrickmouratoglou blatantly used hand signals   he also cheated on his wife with  serena    got caught and went defensive manipulative entitled sideways   the story is not about  race  gender  equality   it is about  cheating  accountability ,not-offensive
4429,1,pretending you have dementia to own the libs  maga ,offensive
4430,0,"        2 2 liberals say  rightly  there is lots of prejudice and discrimination between migrants"""" then conclude """"all opposition to migration is just arbitrary prejudice"""". but that requires seeing the distinction between citizens and migrants as arbitrary and prejudice driven."""" ",not-offensive
4431,1, we are playing clue based on a high school party in the 80s when a federal judge was in his teens.  does anyone really take this seriously? ,offensive
4432,0,   all the above are under uk control  we did not have to wait to leave to decide and deliver areas already fully under uk control. at this rate 33 months will be wasted plus the time to sign a new uk eu27 trade agreement. britain on hold.  4  brexitbritain ,not-offensive
4433,0, you are the best president ever ,not-offensive
4434,0,   awwwww thank you so much! you are a brilliantly talented writer and i am so thrilled to interact with you! this thread is going to be epic! ,not-offensive
4435,1,  what do you expect from the likes of eric erickson. .   he is a piece of crap. ,offensive
4436,0,                                                 pretty much spot on there ,not-offensive
4437,0,     it was more of an allusion to the must keep growing economy and the dependence on bullshit jobs to pay back unnecessary debt to create growth to prevent that whole thing falling over.  i vote according to the circumstances at the time of the election. ,not-offensive
4438,1," it is literally a narrative that is on par with nazis punch, antifa punch, they are two sides of the same coin."""" noooooooo one of these groups wants to exterminate or deport all poc and jews, the other just wants to prevent them from doing that, and this comparison benefits fash"""" ",offensive
4439,0,***william molina romero has been located safe and sound. he is back with his loved ones thanks to a community member spotting him. thank you all for keeping a sharp eye out and ensuring his safe return home.*** ,not-offensive
4440,0," after they guna spell it like frida"""" face with tears of joyface with tears of joy"""" ",not-offensive
4441,0," josh, thanks for including cock a doodle oops! in this list of amazingly illustrated picture books!  i love deborah zemke's just before sunrise"""" illustrations!"""" ",not-offensive
4442,0,"     really, but he is.  do not say because of russian collusion, not proven after 2 yrs. besides collusion is not a crime.  we the people"""" are winning.   wwg1wga  maga"""" ",not-offensive
4443,0, I will bet she is a liberal democrat. ,not-offensive
4444,1,  she is just spewing sh*t bernie's robot what a lie they will say and do anything and what she is going to do for district 14 not a da*n thing socialism do not work that way they suck all up. ,offensive
4445,1,     obama never laments for those that are killed in chicago every week. chicago his old stomping ground.  ask him how those draconian gun control laws are working there? and watch him blame indiana. ,offensive
4446,0, world need much much more of this. antifa are venom. ,not-offensive
4447,1, the reason you do not have a wife is because you are an ass. ,offensive
4448,0,   they are not.... ,not-offensive
4449,0, i really want you and need you  3  3 i am your biggest fan i just love your personality i love who you are ,not-offensive
4450,0,         i think it was found that less well educated conservatives were more inclined to accept the government directive at face value ,not-offensive
4451,1, what the fuck ,offensive
4452,0, he will change after mid term elections and 2020. ,not-offensive
4453,0, i love you so much yoongi you are the reason  that  i could be happy all day .you are smile is  the most beautiful think that i ever see  in my  hold life smiling face with heart eyesface blowing a kisspurple heart ,not-offensive
4454,0, theresamay we need a  peoplesvote  ,not-offensive
4455,1, believe the woman.  what person would volunteer for the shit show she is about to experience if it were not true.  i stand in solidarity with christine blasey ford. ,offensive
4456,1,100  true! and she is stupid as well! ,offensive
4457,1, you literally told me that you thought i was being “a fake nice bitch” ,offensive
4458,0, nah. did you see his sideline out burst sunday? he is a me first player and only cares about his stats. we do not need him ,not-offensive
4459,0,   not saying i disagree with you at all some of the far right stuff I have been reading lately is disgusting. but would you also say groups like antifa should be banned and labelled as a terrorist organisation? they use violence and fear tactics too. ,not-offensive
4460,0,   god will take care of   he is down but he was never totally out ,not-offensive
4461,0,kamala harris interviewed by cbs this morning on  kavanaugh's character.  maga  makeamericagreatagain  theresistance ,not-offensive
4462,0,"  in other words, i am not speaking on your behalf, i just can not sit idly by while people make an ass out of themselves because i feel like people can be better than that."""" ",not-offensive
4463,0,   so you are defending antifa? is that your stance? ,not-offensive
4464,0,   dam girl you have awesome boobs i bet you are a very sexy milf ,not-offensive
4465,0, have the vote.  enough delay tactics.  this is an allegation.  he is not convicted. ,not-offensive
4466,1, thank you for saving the dogs!!!!why are people assholes ,offensive
4467,0,keith ellison accuser calls out dems amid kavanaugh allegation  'I have been smeared' by my own party’  keith ellison has no room to accuse anybody of wrong doingdouble exclamation mark️      kavanaughconfirmation   tuesdaythoughts   maga ,not-offensive
4468,0, doubtful. he is one of the least hateful people on this planet!! maybe you are looking in a mirror. ,not-offensive
4469,1,"     now i know you are having a laugh. do you really believe that the media are not picking on him? as for getting his shit together"""", what """"shit"""" would that be?"""" ",offensive
4470,1, holder was the most ethically challenged ag ever. a total disgrace to the office. ,offensive
4471,0, you are no christian ,not-offensive
4472,1, I am surprised he did not shoot his students just prove gun control is important. I am glad i do not send kids to college. what a waste of money turning them into pumpkin heads. ,offensive
4473,0,".   jack dorsey, to his credit, has openly acknowledged that he has a culture within his company that is hostile to conservatives. now the question is, what is he going to do about it?"""" ",not-offensive
4474,1, colin is a dick would sell out just as quick! ,offensive
4475,0,   did you even read the article in the link? ,not-offensive
4476,0,   you must like the antifa style guy.  you do not know what a decent moral man looks like. ,not-offensive
4477,1, good shit ,offensive
4478,0, dangerous to ask for supporting facts surrounding an allegation of a crime?  liberals want conservatives to be guilty until proven innocent.  so transparent. ,not-offensive
4479,0,  give that man a shovel! ,not-offensive
4480,1, i support your fight for justice and to hold those responsible accountable. the hypocrisy is beyond any moral standard. where is the outrage. yet they hide behind the vail of gun control and leftists propaganda beginning with   shame on them. ,offensive
4481,0,  come up with realistic gun control instead of things like this. it will never pass in america. ,not-offensive
4482,1, crazy thing is people naming big and pac as greats but forgetting the true underground rap legends like l. i still play his shit ,offensive
4483,1, you are a bitter hateful woman who is ruining herself. ,offensive
4484,0,          he knows nothing about gun control? says who? ,not-offensive
4485,1, she is my bitch ,offensive
4486,0, says who? you desperate liberals?  your dirty tricks are not going to work  kavanaugh will be confirmed  ginsbergisnext  rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
4487,1, she is a repulsive human in every possible level. ,offensive
4488,1," thursdaythoughts  will  ever admit all the other ways that twitter censor conservatives?  seems highly unlikely.  it is very annoying to have my main feed limited with a stupid black bird ordering me to return to the top"""".  it will not even let me go back to this morning. ",offensive
4489,0,"  once again, stay away from the pronoun we"""" . you are an individual.  btw, I am not justifying him males... I am telling you to stay safe on here.  victory handvictory hand"""" ",not-offensive
4490,1, he is a flake ... ,offensive
4491,0,   i told you that will not work.  there will be another ccp. if the gop collapses and becomes a rump party the liberals will grow until the democratic party splits in the middle into conservative tendency democrats and liberal tendency democrats. ,not-offensive
4492,0, they are conservatives who want him appointed. ,not-offensive
4493,0,           be sure to use lots of butter! ,not-offensive
4494,1,  'unintentionally' you fukin pedo. ,offensive
4495,0, you are. but you are also sick and that alerts my doctor side. ,not-offensive
4496,0,    antifa are not liberal!we do not agree with anything they do!!look up their history.but also look up david duke. we also do not believe open borders.does not mean you have to be a racist.and loose your empathy morals. i personally have no problem discussing topics. ,not-offensive
4497,1, bitch i just posted about that kdksksks i hope you get better soon ,offensive
4498,1,    who has what to lose? this entire thing is to block kavanaugh. because he leans a bit to the conservative side and was nominated by trump. this is the liberals playing games. if you can not see it you have been brainwashed by mainstream media. ,offensive
4499,0, loll he is! ,not-offensive
4500,1, disgusting!  that tells you more than anything that we need law n order and that is conservatives n kavanaugh! ,offensive
4501,0, tripletalaq is a burnol moment for liberals and so called feminists.. shame they never stood for the real issues related to females.. ,not-offensive
4502,1,   they are both governmental issues. this lady is mad that the government uses a portion of taxes to support planned parenthood which offers abortions. i said if she is really pro life then stop supporting the taxes that help israel kill palestinians. kills school children ,offensive
4503,1, maxine is just a mean spirited woman. i can not imagine the demons she is dealing with to have that much hate and craziness in her.  crazymaxine ,offensive
4504,0,  someone should lock her up she is nothing but a bitter and twisted old cow ,not-offensive
4505,1,antifa..anonymous are coming for you..  ,offensive
4506,1,  just what a communist would do! destroying america! lock him up! trump2020 maga!smiling face with sunglasses🇺🇸 ,offensive
4507,1,     any argument with liberals is same as forcing water through the steel. their brains are contaminated and the process of healing seems impossible for them. do not waste you precious time and words on them. these are not reasonable people. ,offensive
4508,1, your shabby self and your traitor buddy bo....gave us  maga....stupid your just stupid. ,offensive
4509,0,. will serve the interests of washington liberals like  and   will represent conservative kentucky values.  tooliberalfornky ,not-offensive
4510,0,  no.  no it is not.  well maybe in deep blue lib controlled ca with some of the strictest gun control laws in the nation which does not apply the law to illegals. ,not-offensive
4511,1, she is awful! ,offensive
4512,0,  the clinton news network strikes again. ,not-offensive
4513,1,  you do know what the chant puto means do not you? fined three times means its not acceptable both are being bullies. one was done by one player the other done by the culture of a country. ,offensive
4514,0, holder is unhinged !! brainwashed ,not-offensive
4515,1, stamp we did this shit all the time ,offensive
4516,1, his policies were the worst ,offensive
4517,0, where will  antifa get their cloths now? ,not-offensive
4518,0,   do yourself a favor and watch this  there is still time for you to spit that kool aid out and pay attention to what is happening. you right leaning conservatives are so brainwashed it is sickening. ,not-offensive
4519,0,rendell   andrewgillum ‘probably a little  too  progressive for  florida’  trump  maga ,not-offensive
4520,0, 4chan trolling antifa again? ,not-offensive
4521,1, as well he should! these people are the dregs of society   not the president's supporters! at least we did not try to stage a coup d'etat!   qanons  greatawakeningworldwide  joebiden  maga ,offensive
4522,0, i would not be surprised. ,not-offensive
4523,0,  i so hope you are right!! ,not-offensive
4524,0,  u2= most overrated band of all time. ,not-offensive
4525,1, are all you liberals idiots? ,offensive
4526,0, does not bother me.  i will always believe there was more to that story and the father had a part in it some how. ,not-offensive
4527,1, he is obviously a bitch ,offensive
4528,0, fesheyes the rise in support for gun control has given me a new view on the topic. drugs are illegal and criminals still have them. the same would happen with firearms.. law abiding citizens would lose their right and nothing would change to the criminals. ,not-offensive
4529,0,  liberals  rule  1 if liberal man accused of sexual assault or rape   viciously attack accuser  keith ellison  bill clinton                    rule  2. if republican man accused  viciously attack man and praise accuser. ,not-offensive
4530,0,   the  is an increasingly leftist newspaper which might explain the use of weaponised language such as ‘white supremacist’ to refer to moderate conservatives. ,not-offensive
4531,0, follow the money money bag money yen banknote money dollar banknote ,not-offensive
4532,0, because liberals hate america and can not stand the thought of a successful country ,not-offensive
4533,0, and what about  s accuser? or  s accusers? or do you only believe those that accuse conservatives? just another elitist hollywood  hypocrite ,not-offensive
4534,0, he never was one much for the rule of law.  just the law of rule ,not-offensive
4535,0, if we do not learn truth now before he is before confirmed there will be a lot of acrimony later when the details of the case are learned. ,not-offensive
4536,1, the liberals will use whatever label they can to discredit people who disagree and or are a threat to their agenda. ,offensive
4537,0,   got him signing my book......he is a cute ,not-offensive
4538,0,  her name is justice. she demands he is innocent ,not-offensive
4539,0,                                                 i thought the whole world knew liberals would never answer factual questions. if they adhered to truth they would never will another election. ,not-offensive
4540,1, imagine being stupid face with steam from nose ,offensive
4541,0, looks like misha ,not-offensive
4542,0,  this coming from the soros militia. are not you the intellectual mind behind antifa? ,not-offensive
4543,0,   where is van? she is army who need to shazam the most you know... left pointing magnifying glasspaw printsdog facepaw printsright pointing magnifying glass ,not-offensive
4544,1,  liberals do not realize that thousands of unaccompanied minors were thrown across the border..... who is supposed to take care of them? angelina jolie? ,offensive
4545,0,                                           ok. you win. ,not-offensive
4546,0,.  heart suit️ levi strauss and co. is donating more than  1 million over the next 4 years to nonprofits and youth activists working to end gun violence by establishing the “safer tomorrow fund” and partnering with gun control group everytown for gun safety.    levis  neveragain  gunsensenow ,not-offensive
4547,1, the hate really takes a toll on these people physically. most of these unhinged liberals do not look well. 24 7 fake news armageddon coverage is sucking the life out of these people. i feel bad for them.... ,offensive
4548,0,7    piece explaining the allegations of conservative bias and why conservatives are calling for regulation ,not-offensive
4549,0," al franken had a photo of him assaulting a woman and liberals called it mock groping"""". the woman accusing kavanaugh already changed her story from four guys to two at the alleged incident and will not even testify."""" ",not-offensive
4550,0,   1. what is your definition of a mass shooting? 2. headlines where? nationally or locally? 3. does one gun death —every. single. one. —makes headlines? 4. australia  tell me about those mass carnages that happened after gun control was imposed. links to reputable sources please. ,not-offensive
4551,0, you must have an entire closet dedicated to college teams. ,not-offensive
4552,0, everyone? wow. that must have been an *exhaustive* research project. ,not-offensive
4553,0,    did twitter silence alex jones in retaliation of him asking twitter jack questions      ,not-offensive
4554,1, they been had open world spider man games tho. we need a avengers game with all of them niggas ,offensive
4555,0,16 fukin years  she waited no words frm you  then you pop in  she hugs you like a  tree  greets early light   loves you like deep  blue love its beating waves  thereupon  pour you a drink   as you spill red   she looks   up in the clouds sad  like she is still  waiting 4 you  bardbits 23 ,not-offensive
4556,1,"1  resists newest tactic against conservatives.  they have decided to trend disarmthem""""  and advocates attempting to take a weapon from people open carrying.  1. open carry hopefully has retention on their holster. 2. this is likely to result in being fired upon by 2nd party."""" ",offensive
4557,1,   if by conservatives you mean people that work and pay taxes to help support people like you then i guess we are dumb thinking that you would appreciate it instead of wanting more and more. get a job start paying taxes and see how much you love any tax and spend gov. ,offensive
4558,0,  that is rachel madcow's mother. no doubt about it ! ,not-offensive
4559,0, fresh boy think he is strong face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
4560,0,         you can not help it because you are amazing! ,not-offensive
4561,1, haha! you try so hard to be condescending but I am sure you and stormy can relate! but you are correct on how sad trump really is. old man literally owns the viagra company. jokes on you kid. ,offensive
4562,0, finally. god bless them. we need more of this advocacy ,not-offensive
4563,0,                good list. keep it going ,not-offensive
4564,0, the truth hurts sometimes. it is not your fault. just keep  maga ,not-offensive
4565,0, despicable is a world that only goes half way of describing maxine ,not-offensive
4566,0,  liberals did not want to hear from juanita broderick or keith ellison's accuser why not? are they being ignored ,not-offensive
4567,0,"                                              lol. you are not arguing againstbthe system i want, and i am not arguing in favor of the system you describe.  that is like you arguing for the principles of anarchy, and me constantly saying oh yeah, well, hillary was a corrupt politician""""  irrelevant.  factual, but irrelevant"""" ",not-offensive
4568,0, well she supported  7 co payment for dr visits when president of ask me anything that is an indication . she is ambitious that is all . ,not-offensive
4569,0,  when they go low???     ,not-offensive
4570,0, christina would have been a better choice than courtney . hadwin has done this and is not as much of an amateur that she is making america believe ,not-offensive
4571,0,    how right you are. ,not-offensive
4572,0, she is incredible. ,not-offensive
4573,1, get the hell out ,offensive
4574,0,"  if she is so passionate, why does not she donate all her money to helping women who cannot afford. instead of a fancy apartment, get one for a few hundred, get a roommate and show everyone, yes you can."""""""" ",not-offensive
4575,1,   of course not she is young and dumb. if she really had a brain she would not believe in socialism ,offensive
4576,1, you are low class asshole. you wear your suits and talk about the 1  or call us deplorable all while you sit behind your antifa and hate filled lying son of a bitch party and call yourself honorable. at least my pappy would be proud of me for being a man and standing true. ,offensive
4577,0,                                                  we all want gun control..but it is a slippery sloop as dimms have proven time and time again. give them an inch and they will take a mile..ask prz reagan. made a deal with dimms..they said sign our bill on amnesty first and we will back you on comprehensive immagration reform ,not-offensive
4578,0, i believe he is winded! some nights you just do not have it i guess ,not-offensive
4579,0, hell no maga 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
4580,1,  anyone who supports gun control is a racist.  just like shannon twatts ,offensive
4581,0, hell no!!! ,not-offensive
4582,1,  tomorrow night you get dropped   will make sure he is not robbed again  you fraud ,offensive
4583,1," on a scale from 1 to 10, how much did you laugh to there is no excuse besides that he is just plain shit"""" ?"""" ",offensive
4584,0,  smiling face with heart eyes she is coming to italy! 🇮🇹 ,not-offensive
4585,0,    becca. she is too much work. ,not-offensive
4586,1,  that wench is on something.  she must be to spout her drivel.  want to bet someone gives her the beating first.  let us see .. she is in a parking lot with no one else around and a few black women who are much better then her find her.  or white people much brighter    ,offensive
4587,1, the washed out idiot  biden feels he has a chance by insulting all conservatives who are supporting their great  potus...i do not think so crazy joe!!! ,offensive
4588,0,  i think we can get the picture in that one crying facecrying face ,not-offensive
4589,0,. announced that she is ready to represent the philippines in the  fashion show 2018  entertainmentnews ,not-offensive
4590,0, this is just obstruction.   call the vote!!!!  maga 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
4591,1, joe scarborough still has not answered for the young woman that was found dead on his office. he is s lying chickenshit. ,offensive
4592,1,  what award. head of the nazi antifa violence movement ,offensive
4593,0, you are the most talented person i have ever met in my life. please stay healthy and do not get sick.  you are an extraordinary being that shines with its own light.            i love you so much baby !! purple heartred heartpurple heart ,not-offensive
4594,0,12 ways to use saul alinsky's rules for radicals against liberals ,not-offensive
4595,0,  see the mess europe is for pr examples. giving liberals a go at anything in government always ends in disaster. you are welcome  ,not-offensive
4596,0, paid by democrats just like antifa is paid by clinton and soros ,not-offensive
4597,0, i do not think he is damian. ,not-offensive
4598,1, but if you go on a date first..and then have sex...it is the best of both worlds. and the sex is better. ,offensive
4599,0,  he is. we have been saying it for years. uncle christopher is tristan while aunt carla is bickle. ,not-offensive
4600,1,   he is a big lump of — i agree 100  ,offensive
4601,0,  ooh very handsome archie that looks beautiful were you are at is it your new gaff behind you face blowing a kissface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
4602,1,  surely he did not do anything to damage veterens affairs?  if he sullied a reputation it was another department? ,offensive
4603,0,*mom speaks into her phone to compose a text for my brother* she is angry so she yells at the phone while telling it what to type like my brother will be able to tell she was even yelling person facepalminglight skin tone‍female sign️ ,not-offensive
4604,0,       doyourjob  dotherightthing  you all know well what a stellar  scotus  judgekavanaugh will b a documented lifetime of excellence do not b puppets obstructing  who is  maga and  kag  confirmkavanaughnow  maga  kag ,not-offensive
4605,1,  dubious mortgages? laughing out loud you mean the ninja loans for subprime borrowers that banks were forced to provide by democrats and liberals citing that not providing them was racist and discriminating just because people do not have a job. cmos were a derivative of the subprime problem ,offensive
4606,1, everyone should know about this.  it is about time we called out these violent liberals that have gone so far off the deep end. ,offensive
4607,1,  good arrest them all!  arrest the crazy ndp leader  as well.  she is having her lil minions take a fall for her! she planned this! will she be paying their legal fees? i think not! the immaturity level of this goverment party is disgusting!!! ,offensive
4608,0, i forgot he is their foster child! ,not-offensive
4609,0,  yes. liberals. ,not-offensive
4610,0,.  i sent   your way for dinner. she said she met you tonight but what she did not tell you is that she is clemson legend like you are an aggie yell leader legend. she cheered at clemson and is a espn commentator for varsity! ,not-offensive
4611,0, no. he just needs to play his old position  10  and now he even tracks back which is a good thing.   he is deffo not finished ,not-offensive
4612,0, before long football players will receive about half of what they make now. let them keep protesting. the players are not going to win this. ,not-offensive
4613,1,  how about really healing the country by leaving it and taking the rest of the loony liberals with you ,offensive
4614,1, the ratings are low because of people like you and the other guy making fun of conservatives.. this is one reason why trump won..  you people just do not get it and pitiful and shameful... ,offensive
4615,0,     amazing grace how sweet the sound as he is moving you from mountain to mountains our almighty god is full of blessings indeed emmanuel open bookopen handsopen bookopen handsclapping handsOK handbaby angelbaby angelgrowing heart ,not-offensive
4616,0, you are so sweet and adorable oppagrinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
4617,0, thanks for following. we are glad to be connected. ,not-offensive
4618,0,  i voted liberal for the first time on account of harper...i am satisfied with the liberals ,not-offensive
4619,0," I am tired off that piss poor excuse from conservatives"""" which is pretty much synonymous with """"bigot"""" nowadays. it is not fear they feel, it is shame. the same shame all hypocrites feel."""" ",not-offensive
4620,0,    we are so proud of  and the creativity she has brought to our students! she is truly an asset! ,not-offensive
4621,0," i hope you are also spending energy focusing on  antifa and the endless attacks on conservative citizens, cops, journalists, their destruction of property and the strange phenominon of journalists"""" ignoring them?  just kidding. not like you are a real journalist documentarian."""" ",not-offensive
4622,0,  he is really bad. glove always turned the wrong way. how is this possible for a major league catcher? ,not-offensive
4623,1, religious persecution is bad...  ...when it is your religion being persecuted. ,offensive
4624,0,  you are not 'progressive' without palestine.  bds ,not-offensive
4625,1,   you are a sick person ,offensive
4626,0,  gun control advocacy is itself contrary to the single most important natural right enshrined and protected by our constitution.  any attempt to circumvent freedom is radical.   see? simple   and i did not even have to invent any nonsense words  ,not-offensive
4627,1,   she is a complete idiotclown facepouting face ,offensive
4628,0," now you understand why we on the right do not budge on gun control. it is not to protect range day""""."""" ",not-offensive
4629,1,mueller proves the judicial system is weaponized.  democrat special councils only charge republicans.  so if we play the game then republican special councils should charge democrats.  right!   balls in your court republicans.   maga ,offensive
4630,1, you are killing me!!! we landed in phx 30 min early from san and have been sitting on tarmac for 40 min. now officially late looks like i am going to miss my connection to oak. this sucks!!!!!!!! ,offensive
4631,0,"     brad, the god of scripture does not have a sense of justice."""" he is just and a consuming fire. he remains today what he was then but as all theonomists forget 1 2"""" ",not-offensive
4632,0, and thank god he did win. there is more money in american workers pocket. more jobs available. tax breaks for the middle class. we are in an industrial boom where i live.  new neighborhoods and schools being built just to handle the people coming in to fill these jobs. ,not-offensive
4633,0,   mickie is 39 now? she is on her way out. ,not-offensive
4634,0,  i do not trust  ,not-offensive
4635,0, he looted our money and now he is repaying our debts ,not-offensive
4636,0,  so only people that own firearms are allowed to comment on the gun control debate??!! grinning face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
4637,0,  looks like a whole lot of adults need to get a grip on life.  it also appears to me that people who experience loss in life you learn to except it on any level.  i truly feel sorry for people who have missed out on this development in life. folded handsmedium skin tone ,not-offensive
4638,1, and then same liberals were accusing falsely in kathua case while hiding in shithole right now. ,offensive
4639,0,  what if the cops are part of the antifa ,not-offensive
4640,0,  laughing out loud good ,not-offensive
4641,1,   way to go davidthumbs up i love it when someone can send the liberals into a tessyfiy in the morning. keep up the fight. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,offensive
4642,0,     libs vs conservatives simple ,not-offensive
4643,1,  fuck the steelers bah on my mama that is some racist shyt they doing do not want to pay that dude and call him selfish for not wanted to report ,offensive
4644,0, toxictory minister  attempted to expense £50 charity donation! it is what   do!!   toriesmustgo  dissolvetheunion  ,not-offensive
4645,1, dog whistles the minute one of those sobs use it  it is over never would i vote for any liberal ever no such thing as a moderate or acceptable liberal there all i mean all the same some try and hide there hate but they are all scum your a fool to think they give a shit about you ,offensive
4646,1,    he did not born so he is not pakistani?get a life man.if  yo yo your wife deleiver boy in london nd back to pk so the baby is not pakistani?you nd   yo yo your wife r not pakistani?just some papers of registration in london make  yo yo your boy non pakistani face with tears of joywinking face.honey see the forefathers history. ,offensive
4647,0,  hillaryous laugh my ass off waa boo hoo ,not-offensive
4648,0,                     followed all maga ,not-offensive
4649,1, i can tell you suck but sure ,offensive
4650,0, it is a civil war politically by the democrats and a physical war with their brown shirts antifa. ,not-offensive
4651,0, why not move south? why is it always a lilly white northern country liberals want to move to? could it be racism? OK handmedium dark skin tone ,not-offensive
4652,0, proof that conservatives really suck at satire. backhand index pointing up ,not-offensive
4653,0, that they are liberals ,not-offensive
4654,0,    can you imagine what she is like to waitstaff who get her order wrong? ,not-offensive
4655,0, go away already! ,not-offensive
4656,0, crazy manface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
4657,1,     he is a disgrace ,offensive
4658,1, “the sex symbol of rap” lmaooo bitch you are  fat as fuck anyways you tryna fight? ,offensive
4659,0, happening to lecor and i where our frame rate is down by a decent amount and frame drops ,not-offensive
4660,1, another judge that first blames the tool then wants to make them dangerous to the legitimate user guess we know wher he is on gun control out to lunch  your honor sir! ,offensive
4661,0, deplorable hillbilly who is the dreg of society and I am damn proud of it!!  deplorabledreg  trumpsarmy  teamtrump  wwg1wga  maga  kag🇺🇸locomotive ,not-offensive
4662,0, heard jeff hardy thought that the stoneman douglas victims were right and that gun control should be improved in the usa which pissed off randy ,not-offensive
4663,0,"  warning,"""" """"caution"""" whenever a liberal makes a statement, thinking people must demand that details must follow. ex. moore's definition of rights mean open borders, right 2 squelch free speech, depict landof personnel as opressors while championing antifa. no lie too big or vicious!"""" ",not-offensive
4664,0,  thinking facethinking face we would hang 70 plus on the frogs and cocks!thinking faceface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
4665,1,   are you saying he is a turkey chocker face without mouth ,offensive
4666,0,  smudge is definitely  teamdanny! here she is spreading the word! ,not-offensive
4667,0,  school misconduct allegations? that sounds like he was chewing gum in class. i think he is being accused of much more than “misconduct” ,not-offensive
4668,0, ...is he the insider working against trump?... really looks that way   release the hounds!! ,not-offensive
4669,1,    theresa may is not nice ,offensive
4670,0,  maybe he is not a mariota fan ,not-offensive
4671,0,  omg this will be so good!! ,not-offensive
4672,0, conservatives left  frustrated as  congress passes big spending bills...   tcot ,not-offensive
4673,0, either way  ny is screwed!!!!! ,not-offensive
4674,0, this describes bill clinton perfectly. and yet? crickets from liberals.  clintoncrimefamily ,not-offensive
4675,0,  is it being awarded by the onion? ,not-offensive
4676,1,  liberals are full of hate yet they talk like their morality is above anyone  who thinks differently. funny how their words and actions never match up to what they pretend to preach. imposters of any human decency. emotionally and politically bankrupt. ,offensive
4677,0,  exactly my thoughts. she is always a sweetie when she is coddled. her true character exposed as an athlete is revealed in times as this. she is not a role model or a legend. ,not-offensive
4678,0,huge qdrop dump today.  wwg1wga  qanon  qarmy  maga  thegreatawakening ,not-offensive
4679,0,  | that is okay! ,not-offensive
4680,1,"   she is a journalist and spreads fake info about painting of shree krishnaji. why people forget ligic and professionalism when they try to be secular"""". do not tear our religious books to prove your stupidity. fight your because with moral means. ",offensive
4681,0, you are amazing! hope you have an incredible future. thank you for your contributions to this community ,not-offensive
4682,0,                                                  exactly but they will never put him on tv television ,not-offensive
4683,0,               lies on top of lies that is the antifa and democrats way ,not-offensive
4684,0,      bro we are one big happy family ,not-offensive
4685,1, leftists and  commies in the  usa are going to get a little bit riled up me thinks?!  smiling face with open mouth   closed eyes   maga  mbga  mcga  socialists  lefties  conservatives  patriots  mega  trump  democrats  republicans ,offensive
4686,0,  trump promotes all people. you as well. at lest they do not have blm signs or are dressed as antifa and beating people. these are patches and i look at everyone defensively. the way cool patch was the ! love guns and titties!  walkaway  maga  trump ,not-offensive
4687,1,  hollywood and media make jokes about jesus and christians and think that is hilarious but turn every innocent joke conservatives tell in to an outrage. typical of reprobates. ,offensive
4688,0,  that is hilarious!  try again.  it is the liberals and their media lackeys that have done just that.  face with stuck out tongue   winking eye ,not-offensive
4689,0, he was almost shot and that makes him an expert. ,not-offensive
4690,1," barf over the squishy self righteous source. that is the whole deal with tbc. they are young and dumb history major conservatives"""" who have swallowed the sj bs and like to hand wave. I will assume without further evidence prager is lame."""" ",offensive
4691,1, colin cowherd is a clown just when you think he is going to make a point he just spews out garbage there is no way you look at both goff and trubisky and say goff has the higher ceiling. maybe the higher floor but only because he is in yr 2 of mcvays offense ,offensive
4692,0, walkaway liberals......your party is poison. ,not-offensive
4693,0,   i hope you did not just invite antifa. good luck and be safe. ,not-offensive
4694,1,  jail is too kind for a  pedovore   where is the prosecution??   agsessions is the church getting away with pedo crimes?  what the hell is he holding?  is that a tentacle?  wth   pedogatenews ,offensive
4695,0,      my dad did not die so anyone could disrespect the fabric and country he fought4. our flagandcountry are inseparable both defended with human blood andthose who disrespect the flag disrespect the country! you are to defend the flag and the country you served under and took oath 2defend. ,not-offensive
4696,0, now we know the gun control stance of the residents. ,not-offensive
4697,0, i blame  for inciting violence and she should be held accountable! she is a despicable disgrace. ,not-offensive
4698,1, build the wall ! vote republican! not perfect by a long shot.   but so much better than the alternative anti americans!!! ,offensive
4699,0,   i really wish they could find someone better than cuccinelli to represent conservatives... he is the epitome of a douche bag used car salesman with a law degree. ,not-offensive
4700,0,"        and when logic fails, you are not a twitterer like me! i am sooo special, i have followers!  i believe, i believe!!!! stop it with your dumb facts!!!!!"""" megy you are entertaining!!!rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing"""" ",not-offensive
4701,0, aaaahh  loudly crying face *scribe uses run away because she is tiny and mantis as cool but scary* ,not-offensive
4702,0, he is not responsible for that. he is responsible for his decision not to medically evacuate. ,not-offensive
4703,0,    pressure from other liberals may make him change his mind. their goal is the end result. they do not care what it takes to get there. ,not-offensive
4704,0,  you are amazing. i admire you so much for always being able to raise above the ugliness and hatred. you show us what grace is. ,not-offensive
4705,0,  maybe not where you are. ,not-offensive
4706,0,   i am in an interracial marriage you liberals throw that word around so easily you might want to look it up and see what it means ,not-offensive
4707,0, we met ian sinclair there he does brook  ?  from one piece. i wish i would have known more of the characters the voice actors we met did ,not-offensive
4708,0, a nothing burger.. ,not-offensive
4709,0,10 places to promote your blog for free for massive traffic if you are one of those bloggers that expect your blog ,not-offensive
4710,1,  liberals are using a sexual assault claim as a political tool. let that sink in. ,offensive
4711,0,    ward is were he is because he is really good at what he does. not every successful test player is good at presenting and commentating. ward and now key are a welcome addition to the sky team ,not-offensive
4712,1, the first person got it by having sex with animals.. ,offensive
4713,0, wait a sec .. should not trump being proposing comprehensive vetting for gun control??  what the fuck ?  guncontrolnow  voteblue ,not-offensive
4714,1," lol, read the title and you already know what is coming... ...who support common sense solutions to reducing gun violence,"""" how is gun violence different from other violence? what is a non automatic firearm? what is common sense gun control? is it like chicago, ny,.. london?.."""" ",offensive
4715,0, i thought it was funny. he is a great player though. ,not-offensive
4716,1, got to keep that gun control law to get those terrorists ,offensive
4717,1,   again for the hard of hearing  an ar15 is an inanimate object. an ar15 is not inherently evil. gun control does not decrease gun violence. armed citizens are less likely to become victims of mass shootings. the holocaust was not prevented by banning ovens. ,offensive
4718,1, he is not working for texas he is paid by the soros cartel. not fond of cruz but beto is a dangerous person! just another dnc sheeple! ,offensive
4719,0, not here ...    maga 🇺🇸folded hands🇺🇸  wwg1wga 🇺🇸oncoming fist🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
4720,0, be sure to just cover liberals' p.of.v.  that is what you do.  not fair and balanced. ,not-offensive
4721,0, unless you are  your knee will not be the same ,not-offensive
4722,1,   disgusting. these people will take over this country one day and then all the lefties and liberals will be very upset when they are forced to wear a burka. imagine  face with tears of joy. the worst mistake ever was letting these people in so freely. they do not appreciate it. ,offensive
4723,0,  no one is threatening her.  all a ploy for sympathy and further attack on conservatives. ,not-offensive
4724,0, oh dear. conservatives will implode over this. ,not-offensive
4725,1, climbs up the charts in christian music...only to wither as a fig on a tree as a false prophet. that is  ,offensive
4726,0,  take a moment to realize jimin is 22 and she is 39 years old. 17 year age difference. breathe that in. ,not-offensive
4727,0,  nice pic ,not-offensive
4728,0, hey tina goodmorning laughing out loud ,not-offensive
4729,0,    do not let the msm keep calling it a second referendum. as there will be a remain in eu option it is really a people’s vote. one problem with 3 options could be just over 1 3 is bigger than just under 2 3. perhaps 2 stages would be better. ,not-offensive
4730,0,  she now thinks she is a political activist the same way she thinks she can act ,not-offensive
4731,1,  is gross ,offensive
4732,1,   bruh this??? lmaooo ,offensive
4733,0, and this statement by jewish antifa berlin is so on point  3 ,not-offensive
4734,0,what a dilemma!  maga  news  nikeboycott  colinkaepernick  nflfootball  nfl  trumpresign       cnn ,not-offensive
4735,1, fudge report...then apparently she is not a socialist as you and your kind label her and is a successful capitalist but with much higher morals and opportunities for society. you have the dumbest followers. ,offensive
4736,0,   simon said he hope garth writes ketterer a song   knowing his guy needs outside help 2 get the votes   by the way i do not think garth is going 2 do that  i saw him in a video say as much.  kettterer and other acts r battling for 2nd courtney is an unstoppable force   she is a hurricane! ,not-offensive
4737,0, more than that how low she isthumbs down ,not-offensive
4738,0, googlers are weird fear mongers  maga ,not-offensive
4739,0,  he should be in potters field by now ,not-offensive
4740,0,  i want to adopt this dog.  he she is so preciousface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
4741,0, eric holder should step away from the microphone. ,not-offensive
4742,0,"    no... he is anti antifa"""" that means he dosn't like domestic terrorists.  you probably watch cnn. you should stop for a will to let the mind control wear off."""" ",not-offensive
4743,0, it is a political hit job gleefully pushed by  fakenews   and their puppet little jimmy  liberals always finding new lows!!! ,not-offensive
4744,0,  george soros antifa people ! ,not-offensive
4745,1, either she is misinformed or has no shame. I am going with she has no shame. ,offensive
4746,1," i mean, the logic"""" behind their claim means that in the 90's the liberals felt it was ok for a man to abuse women... that is essentially what they are saying... and that the conservatives were in the right... right?"""" ",offensive
4747,1,   i fuck with this hard ,offensive
4748,0,  she is the cutest baby i have ever seen ,not-offensive
4749,0,  see.  even liberals are in agreement! ,not-offensive
4750,1, aaaaaaaaa that is so exciting!!! the majority of my friends are in second year at this point so the blow I am about to receive from moving to a whole ass other country has not hit yet.... I am doing film studies because i hate myself apparently    wbu babie ,offensive
4751,0, deluded until he is walked off. ,not-offensive
4752,0, reality check for  cpc conservatives   from ninja warriorogre heather mallick.  opinion | cpc beware — meet maxime bernier’s new hard right pp via  ,not-offensive
4753,0, he is not supreme court worthy ,not-offensive
4754,0, can you take that to the bank????? ,not-offensive
4755,0,  love you norm! ,not-offensive
4756,0, haley thanx! you know how to brighten up my shitty dayface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
4757,0, *musical noteda na na namusical note* you found josh's sex life. ,not-offensive
4758,1,   every day her iq gets lower and lower more want to be nazi barbie is going to be a pile of maga goo on the bottom of the set soon enough . ,offensive
4759,0, greatest potus ever!!!!!  maga  trump2020 ,not-offensive
4760,0,  I will make a pinned tweet when i get home but she is here ,not-offensive
4761,0,.theresa may  today i can announce that new longer term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground breaking £2 billion initiative...the first time any government has offered housing associations such long … ,not-offensive
4762,1,.    fake conservatives and their fake outrage over the budget betrayal ,offensive
4763,1, bitch ,offensive
4764,0, she is not leaving bb ,not-offensive
4765,0, totally agree!  trump2020. now  if we conservative hunters and gun owners could just teach you urban guys hat federal public lands are paid and protected by conservatives!  keepitpublic ,not-offensive
4766,0,     just admit manchester is not blue pal and everyone will be calm when you are the most successful club in the country let alone manchester than we can talk ,not-offensive
4767,1, this jerry lewis ripoff needs to just go away already.  the guy is so good at acting like a fool because he is a fool. ,offensive
4768,0,i liked a  video manager tells man he needs to remove his maga hat | what would you do? | wwyd ,not-offensive
4769,0, omg gunny!!! thank you you are so kind!! smiling face with heart eyesloudly crying facetwo heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo hearts ,not-offensive
4770,0, awww look how cute he is! grinning face with smiling eyesface with stuck out tongue   winking eye ,not-offensive
4771,1,          ns liberals will sell out fishermen in a heartbeat. these n.s. liberals are probably in line looking for private sector handouts. big money tied to kameron coal.  do not care about nova scotians. look at health and education. fisheries next? ,offensive
4772,0, kane trying to stay relevant? ever thought the cats were beaten by a better hungrier side ? he is kidding him self if he thinks they were worried about whacky wednesday instead of concentrating on a footy final.  flog ,not-offensive
4773,0,  and he is out for game 2.  he has played like 6 games in 4 years. the team can no longer depend on him. get somebody here that actually plays football games. ,not-offensive
4774,0,    besides the liberals. ,not-offensive
4775,1," sadly, you blew it in this interview.  you are, or will be, bought.  you did not pass the litmus test"""" for what a real progressive is....you have mistakenly alienated what is left of the dem base, thanks to hrc,  and you need us, know it or not. ",offensive
4776,0, it all makes sense now that is why he is wondering around omg i was thinking why is he becoming so local he needs to head back and make that album i am stressing ,not-offensive
4777,0, i remember when the game just fucking started. ,not-offensive
4778,0,  beaboutit anyone in california see how utterly defenseless their gun control agenda makes people? bravery backed by effective tools prevents loss of life. good on this guy! be willing to win at any cost! ,not-offensive
4779,1, start with explaining why you think he is stupid rather than writing a question looking for attention. ,offensive
4780,0, by arguing a call? the media and you are making it a big deal ,not-offensive
4781,1,   how many car windows did you smash today while wearing a pussy hat? you anti american antifa fucktards are a pathetic waste of life. we will slap you down at the ballot box once again. ,offensive
4782,0," guns  2a a second amendment zone"""" is ridiculous. so are concealed carry laws – daily utah chronicle  the latest installment of the nation’s endless debate on gun control recently surfaced on the university of utah campus. a g ",not-offensive
4783,0, inviting war criminals to canada is what parliament does when ever its requested by british military intelligence. i bet they told our parliament to take in this latest batch of war criminals. you vote for this treason omar ,not-offensive
4784,0, you are the best player in world right now is just matter of time before the world realizes who you are. ,not-offensive
4785,0," osho  quotes via  listen to your being. it is continuously giving you hints. it is a still, small voice. it does not shout at you, that is true. and if you are a little silent you will start feeling your way. be the person you are. never try… ",not-offensive
4786,0,  there was plenty of evidence that he was guilty of what hill accused him of but since conf hearings are not about guilty innocence got on the bench. times are diff now. why as a journalist you do not call out white supremacy alt right but antifa and pick on  ,not-offensive
4787,0, not a classical music fan? ,not-offensive
4788,1, these liberals are responsible for the deterioration of american society. they should be ashamed but we all know they are not. ,offensive
4789,1,  yup! she will destroy hard working ppl and small businesses. she is evil with a pretty face and ppl are falling for it. ,offensive
4790,1, what an “actor” joe biden is....and that is alll he is!!!  a “fake” phony actor!!  get off of the stage joe...your time has come and gone!!!  we “dregs of society” could care less about what you preach!!! ,offensive
4791,0, amputees' limbs have grown back in his presence! i guess he will do it until they cart him off in a strait jacket. ,not-offensive
4792,0, laughing out loud i shit you not... this was it for most of that year... i literally do not have the patience to sit and play game na ,not-offensive
4793,1,  conservatives only care about democracy when it is their opinions and so called racist rights are in jeopardy. anyone else they do not give a shit about. it is sad. ,offensive
4794,0, why would you do this on a weekend with a major festival in stanley park as well as closing down nelson street off burrard? ,not-offensive
4795,1, he is gay. he is a sick pervert he gets on my nerves ,offensive
4796,0,  big boss 2 what happen to ashwariya not good sandrayan anna should have not got voted ashwariya should have been gone what bigboss vote for ashwariya so she is save people not voting for her ,not-offensive
4797,1,are not getting no pussy huh? ,offensive
4798,1, they should. hopefully voters will realise that they could have ended this shitshow well before the midterms. ,offensive
4799,0,   seems i just read that somewhere w the words liberals in place if trump supporters plagarism best ,not-offensive
4800,0,ababzhah but this whole everyone talking about sex makes me very uncomfortable so bye ,not-offensive
4801,0, we need to name and shame these people. I have a fb group which i expose antifa. hnh etc.   ,not-offensive
4802,0,"             they just all want to keep their corrupt and  cushioney jobs!!! thry want to go back to.....business as usual """"          """" i do not think so"""" !!!!!!!!!"""" ",not-offensive
4803,0,   so all of those people who have thus far died   including a one year old child just this morning   it is just all fake news in your little mind.  i think you should go down there and take a look for yourself. talk to some of your maga friends about how much fun they are having. ,not-offensive
4804,0," trust me.. i know her well enough so that she is ok if i take a body of another good girl for the night."""""""" ",not-offensive
4805,1, sometimes i get strong vibes from people and this man’s vibe is tens of millions of murders   he is more dangerous than dt. ,offensive
4806,0, he is growing fast loudly crying face ,not-offensive
4807,0, my world of warcraft character is named limn ,not-offensive
4808,0, here is  helping improve how women are to be watched in sports. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
4809,0,"   and may need to end the stigma"""" of living in bandb by allowing councils to build more affordable social housing."""" ",not-offensive
4810,1, fuck russ 110  ,offensive
4811,0," they have morphed into antifa. antifa gets better coverage and that all important soros cash! ie  I am so upset about you know racist stuff and trump and children in cages and everything the like that, ya know?"""""""" ",not-offensive
4812,1,  then maybe we can talk about the double standards between liberals and conservatives at  somebody is always a victim. ,offensive
4813,0,     your narrative is so false it is comedic. you and people like you are frauds. ,not-offensive
4814,0, she is so beautiful! smiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
4815,1, this gave me fucking heart palpitations I am shaking as i type this ,offensive
4816,0," nope.. he is still trying to make up for that inch difference."""" he laughed, checking on his meal again. """"how was it? school i mean. you must have been busy considering where you are now.."""""""" ",not-offensive
4817,1, you are absolutely right i am a fool ,offensive
4818,0,  anyone with the facts would not share this opinion. once again the conservatives fabricate problems where there are non and crisis where non exist. rule by fear is the conservative mantra ,not-offensive
4819,0,"   what were you talking about? climate change? abortion? legalizing cannabis? private prisons? wall street fraud? trump's lies? gun control? white supremacy? solar panels? electric cars? wind turbines? clean energy? evolution? the age of the earth? the meaning of the word yom""""? ",not-offensive
4820,1, ugh that sucks!!! at least you have your wallet ,offensive
4821,0, he is quite  good ,not-offensive
4822,0, shhh. do not tell the liberals ,not-offensive
4823,0,  is virtue signaling and will be the downfall of the  when future sports writers look back on this. ,not-offensive
4824,1,   no. she is a liar. ,offensive
4825,0, i hope she stays safe and she is a brave soul. I am on the coast of nc and will be staying put for now. i am scared but i can not leave without my hubs. he has to stay and man the prison he works for. ,not-offensive
4826,1,   we are so far beyond tax returns. this crap affects all americans and liberals are too stupid to wake up and understand what is really going on. step aside. the adults are here to do it. ,offensive
4827,0,  we have had millions of people marching peacefully in the streets without incident. a small group of far left people got violent on a couple occasions when confronting alt right hate groups. antifa is not part of the resistance any more than the kkk is part of the gop. g'night. ,not-offensive
4828,0, how about juxtapositioning that next to all the conservatives who think it should not be investigated at all? or are you more interested in slanted bs than actual justice? ,not-offensive
4829,0, he is my rainbow after every stormpurple heart ,not-offensive
4830,0, antifa's been busy lately it seems. ,not-offensive
4831,0, it does? ,not-offensive
4832,0, ps the gun control laws and subsidised healthcare are real ,not-offensive
4833,1,   so she is disgusting to you because she is a rangers fan! you are disgusting to me because you support breaking up the union!   proudtobebritish 🇬🇧 ,offensive
4834,0, you are no patriot if you actively try and disrupt the will of the people simply because you lost the election.   when has it ever been patriotic to undermine the presidency?    he is working to bring prosperity to every american. ,not-offensive
4835,1, still better than spanish it is so fucking boring and the teacher grades us based on how sexually active we are unamused face ,offensive
4836,0,                  thank you julie.  rushfamily ? ,not-offensive
4837,0,  face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy this is comical!! they think they are really doing something! when really they are just getting laughed at. ,not-offensive
4838,0, sex is work ,not-offensive
4839,0, I am still bitter she deserved better ,not-offensive
4840,0,   who is this? she is truly a little goddess! two hearts ,not-offensive
4841,0,  you are brave and have nothing to feel guilty about. you did what you needed to survive. thank you for your courage. ,not-offensive
4842,0,    no reasoning with someone who can not even grasp that common sense gun control does not equal a ban on guns.   I am a liberal gun owner.  ,not-offensive
4843,0," how many are willing to testify under oath that they actually knew kavanaugh? how many would testify to having said no"""" to kavanaugh? until you have said """"no"""" to man, you do not know what he is like."""" ",not-offensive
4844,0, radical left  antifa. victim culture. there are over 100 genders. hate speech is an act of aggression. free speech should be limited. no guns. sanctuary cities. illegal's have rights too. open borders. trump derangement syndrome. voting party over platform. feelings over facts. ,not-offensive
4845,0, can we have a discussion about sensible gun control laws? I am interested in having a discussion about sensible gun control laws.   hello?  hello?  is this thing on? ,not-offensive
4846,0, and obama did not.... not to you because you agreed with him..... ,not-offensive
4847,0, guilt by association is good enough for democrats when it comes to conservatives. ,not-offensive
4848,1, fuck my rick  ? ,offensive
4849,0,"   gunslinger girl usa gunslinger · 2017 08 12 23 50 56   retweet if you think that antifa is a domestic terrorist organization!""""  nou nou, wat een desinfo."""" ",not-offensive
4850,1, gop on personal responsibility...  he was drunk  boys will be boys  she was drunk  slut   republicans  conservatives  kavanaugh ,offensive
4851,0, nobody cares what  thinks or wants. she was not elected haha. and she is not helping her party either so stay out there your only helping the conservatives progressives do not like you ,not-offensive
4852,0,  when it comes to gun control in order to make all of america happy remove all gun list from conservatives. then take all the guns from card toting democrats. that way everybody is happy. everybody is safe ,not-offensive
4853,0, and democrats want an open border and gun control...rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweat ,not-offensive
4854,0, nodealbrexit is the better option despite the bullshit   et al would have you believe.  chequersplan will be the  downfall of  theresamay and the    the only brightside is when we have a  brexiteer as pm things will change ,not-offensive
4855,1,  i believe gun control should consist of guarding your firearms from thivery and kids. ,offensive
4856,0," she"""" is a he."""" ",not-offensive
4857,0,  it was thirty years ago supposedly if you keep something a secret that long it usually did not happen and he is  gone through several other confirmations in the past and it never came up this is just how liberals play politics nowadays ,not-offensive
4858,1, yesterday this happen hereflushed face so much for gun control when you can not prevent a 2nd grader from bringing a gun to school huhsmirking face ,offensive
4859,0,.  you sir are correct. there are so many good men. she is completely out of line. ,not-offensive
4860,1,  you just said the same things all the liberals say. president trump is not deporting immigrants. he is trying to deport people who sneak into this country and not follow the rules to come in. if you come in that way you are a criminal. turn off cnn and try another point of view. ,offensive
4861,0,  i apologize if you inferred i was calling you antifa. i was qualifying one of my many reasons for owning an arsenal. ,not-offensive
4862,0, ya but we saw some really good things in the preseason. now granted i did not watch bills preseason games but did not get the feeling there was the same buzz. again hopefully you are right and he does play well. ,not-offensive
4863,0, she is just plane nuts ,not-offensive
4864,0,  have not spent one dime on nfl. no tickets. no merchandise. no tv time. my football day is saturday. college gameday is incredible ,not-offensive
4865,0,4 dead in mass shooting at fifth third bank building in downtown cincinnati | time   time via  want gun control legislation? vote blue ,not-offensive
4866,0, you are the cup holder. ,not-offensive
4867,1, talk about a kangaroo court! is this what you liberals want? one person's word able to destroy another person's life with nothing to back it up. if so you are sick. ,offensive
4868,0,  i wonder if the liberals realize how much the jihadis despise them? probably not. ,not-offensive
4869,0,   ok say less i am ready whenever he is ,not-offensive
4870,0,                                                 john moore called it.   ,not-offensive
4871,0, you mean like hollywood actress . ? she supports  antifa and uses their handbook as her profile pic. rants about  metoo yet her brother alexis arquette was abused as a child and she is silent about it thumbs downmedium skin tone  hypocrites  liberalismisamentaldisease ,not-offensive
4872,1,   how do you come up with all these lies. you have not done a thing as far as gun control. open your eyes obama your hero had 8 years in office. all your doing is sucking around for the last minute vote. ,offensive
4873,0,  funny watching these liberals all of a sudden do a 180 on being transparent.  warner had no problems with leaks.  now when the truth is out he has issues.    its over.  some people are in big trouble.  warner is likely one of them. ,not-offensive
4874,0,  lil fun fact here skip who has a higher winning percentage in super bowls? that is right.  12. check mate buddy ,not-offensive
4875,0,  not one democrat gives a shit about if this is true or not. it is all about not wanting conservatives in a life seat. ,not-offensive
4876,1, and how is the investigation  against your son the antifa  terrorist going ,offensive
4877,1, 63 more evidence liberals only goal is to sabotage  nafta to make trump the enemy and to get trump hate vote in canada for election 2019.   ,offensive
4878,0, aaron has barely been in it this last year. he is in a few episodes then he is sent out of town for a few weeks. robert had that story with the whites ,not-offensive
4879,1, he is a disgrace to his party and all he claims to stand for. he is not on the side of conservatives. he just wants to make a name for himself and anybody’s cost. ,offensive
4880,0, he think it is a coop. and he is trapped inside. but seriously i do not know why no one has considered that anonymous could be a family member. my money is on jared. he has nothing to lose and everything to gain. to position himself after this fiasco. ,not-offensive
4881,0,     good friends are like stars  you do not always see them but you know they are there. you are a star in my life. ☆ ,not-offensive
4882,0,  lol. why do i have to assist so often. swearer's and lott's international comparisons and lancet's 90  drop are equally garbage. ,not-offensive
4883,1,  picked the fuck up ,offensive
4884,1, oh good we can start reminding people about the worst administration in history obama the i will not help blacks and hispanics president that sent a plane filled with cash to iran sent guns to mexico so they could kill people and start a gun control riot and started ferguson riot ,offensive
4885,0,    yep...that´s what we liberals call consensual sex. you should try that some time. ,not-offensive
4886,0, ahhh i see i picked up antonio since he is already on the team person shrugginglight skin tone‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
4887,1,   i have been thinking about it and it is not inconceivable that someone was trying to meddle with people's minds regarding gun control. i am double minded about the use of arms because i am a peacemaker. shoot once and you could start a big war.  2 ,offensive
4888,0, the entire way the dems have handled this allegation is like an antifa action... ,not-offensive
4889,0, he is barely a journalist. ,not-offensive
4890,0,   you just make the numbers up now do not you ,not-offensive
4891,0, me and my girl walked through san francisco and i came up with a new game. homeless or antifa. the homeless are so much more pleasant ,not-offensive
4892,0,. “my problem is the  have taken us back to the 1870’s... let us have a debate about what is happening today in the world of work and what we are going to do about it”  imwithdave  lbc ,not-offensive
4893,0, ivanka speaking about empowering women is embarrassing. she was given everything on a silver platter by her father and is one of the least empowered women in america. she is fully dependent on her father. she preferred cheap labor and disempowered women to make her products. ,not-offensive
4894,0, fake mews ,not-offensive
4895,0,   i do not even understand what you are saying. wow. ,not-offensive
4896,0,  i see may in the same light as yourself. even the last election was about her and not the conservatives.  a split is coming to the tory partyvery soon! ,not-offensive
4897,1, what the fuck... ,offensive
4898,0,                                                  go take economics......we will waitunamused face ,not-offensive
4899,0, well he is shooting his shot ,not-offensive
4900,0,   i was going to ask the same thing.  do not know who he is. ,not-offensive
4901,0,  will not get elected either beto. ,not-offensive
4902,0,  the awb had no effect on crime. that is why it was not resigned into law 10 years after it was 1st signed and allowed to sunset. it also was the beginning of the end for clinton and his corrupt administration. i love when they screech gun control! it means they lose in elections! ,not-offensive
4903,1,   bad people do not obey the law. there are many more guns in circulation in north america than there are people. gun control is liberal mind masturbation. ,offensive
4904,1,  are you freaking serious.  3900 lives lost. trillion dollars in recover and rebuild. continued threats and fear.   you are a disgrace to journalism.  you moron! ,offensive
4905,0,   “hiding behind your camera” as the  antifa punk hides behind his scarf.  laughing out loud ,not-offensive
4906,0," yup.  liberals  by which i mean fans of liberal democracy""""  are all too happy to let everyone else around them die as long as they maintain a comfortable existence. it is a fucking disgrace.  we need to get the ball rolling on serious socialist organizing if we are to survive."""" ",not-offensive
4907,0, should i name all the reasons? ,not-offensive
4908,0,  and his fellow democrats always put partisan politics before country. the american people laugh in his face as he lies and tries to bring down the most successful president in generations. why are socialists like  so eager to collapse the economy? ,not-offensive
4909,1, tea. i was mad when i saw that shit. ,offensive
4910,0, if this fan were paying any attention at all they would know you are about to bite into an heirloom apple duh. ,not-offensive
4911,0,    he did win.he is my president ,not-offensive
4912,0,  since we are a republic.....no.  maga ,not-offensive
4913,1, only the arm?  he really sucks at gun control. ,offensive
4914,0, but partisan moves are the daily norm for the likes of mitch mcconnell. yet somehow he still hangs on to his job and has the respect of conservatives across the country. this is why women are so afraid to stand up and say they were assaulted. we are part of the problem. ,not-offensive
4915,0,  you are unwell ,not-offensive
4916,0, every antifa member is just several midget gypsies standing on each others shoulders in a big skinsuit ,not-offensive
4917,1, do not mess with niggas from marcy projects george zimmerman! you going to get lit! ,offensive
4918,0,   he is being sued for sexual assault. ,not-offensive
4919,0, so speaks according to his own bio ......a christian.   a white man who worships jesu....s a brown man...... being racist to brown hobbits. he is two things.... a ringwraith and a blocked ringwraith. thanks heavens out of 6 billion people on the earth only 18 want to follow him ,not-offensive
4920,0," tbf, it is nascar for liberals"""" is actually quite a good description."""" ",not-offensive
4921,0, she is a gorgeous little mini you. red heart️cherry blossom ,not-offensive
4922,0,  what the point the bbc are the propaganda machine of the  you all know the answer to brexit is disaster that is loud and clear by businesses and corporation but your just the mouth peace of the tories. ,not-offensive
4923,0, please tell the type of suede you are using for these pants to be  474.00. must be shipped straight from russa  gapbelike ,not-offensive
4924,1,  laughing out loud rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing every gf and ein track. whole ass album pahh ,offensive
4925,0,.. you know.. mami tjhan always has this scary and creepy flirty gaze when she is around me or.. miu.. ,not-offensive
4926,1, liberals are addicted to fake news.  chris is their dope man. ,offensive
4927,0, conservatives are not his fan base have not been forever!!!!! just trying to take out  beto support and this is bs!!! ,not-offensive
4928,0,    you are in the spirit  bless you face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
4929,0, any doubt that  have officially become the national socialist american workers party is gone. with ppl like those on  and  acting as der sturmer and  antifa as their einsatzgruppen waffen ss detachment. ,not-offensive
4930,0,   did not think i could have less respect for whoever she is until now. ,not-offensive
4931,0,          keep up the good work protect free speech and call out war criminals     nhs  bbc  bbcqt  newsnight  bbcpl  channel4  brexit  may  corbyn  labour  conservatives  marr  hignfy  uklabour  skynews  bbclive  politicslive ,not-offensive
4932,0,  ...i happen to know of your wayward conversations with patricia hewitt and hooking back up with the very same liberals you are who sold us out to this. go on. tell me how your continued complicity is not part of this. you have stoked this too. disgusting. ,not-offensive
4933,0, brian so sorry for your loss but she is probably with grandpa looking down on all of you with a huge smile so sorry but god wanted her to ,not-offensive
4934,0,  is anything but an independent thinker. she is a loyal party aparachnik through and through. ,not-offensive
4935,0, a recycled tweet to stir the passions of men who watch porn and strangely insult the women who make it.  well done bb. ,not-offensive
4936,1, ijustdontseemyself ever supporting strict gun control.  2a  liberals4guns  guns  secondamendment ,offensive
4937,0,               antifa constantly lies and... ,not-offensive
4938,0,111007   i love how active you are on twitter. forever shining on my tl    dislike  do not event know you to dislike anything to be honest ,not-offensive
4939,0,   am i a professional?  no so your statement is irrelevant.  it is not like hardy has done basically identical falls a million times or anything.  you clearly know nothing about this.  50 bucks says he is perfectly fine.  orton would not have said what he said if he was hurt. ,not-offensive
4940,1," this c is back? liberals are shortsighted aka stupid.  crying wolf"""" is a """"favor"""" to all of those past and future victims of rape and assault?  like i said, stupid."""" ",offensive
4941,0, you are right. victoria is on the reverse...face screaming in fear ,not-offensive
4942,1,   the most ironic thing is. the dems hasten their own demise while empowering their executioners.   do they think once this monster is unleashed that it will not turn on them first?   maga  wwg1wga written by antifa terrorists backhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing down ,offensive
4943,0,  they had it rigged and had the media post those fake poles to try and discourage conservatives from even voting. bombshell when the working conservatives got off work and went to vote! ripped their poor nwo apart. been crying and throwing tantrums ever since. lies never stopped! ,not-offensive
4944,1,   candiace. she is trash. ,offensive
4945,0, what bothers me is how conservatives in unison attack women who seek justice. ,not-offensive
4946,0, what she really means is for the rest of america to shut up and take all the hate that  white christian conservatives give out and never fight back ,not-offensive
4947,1,  wow jr. you are not very bright are you. ,offensive
4948,0,"  revkin spreading important news.""""?????????????? andy sees himself as an intellectual 2. this is what us real liberals r stuck with from public figures. then the faux liberals like andy wonder why we real liberals do not care anymore."""" ",not-offensive
4949,0, aw chelsea it never ends. you are as always the better person. much love to you and your parents. ,not-offensive
4950,0, everything is more intense when grieving. grief started for me as a child. so i totally get it. many of your cyber friends got your back. again every thing will more intense. she is beautiful. ,not-offensive
4951,1, hey samsung on your website you declined me. 2 times for credit i can afford your phone without your ass this is my second one maybe next time even though i hate iphone I will buy iphone so screw you ,offensive
4952,0, he always was in on it. ,not-offensive
4953,0, another uninformed ,not-offensive
4954,1, absolutely should be a nail in the coffin.... for hilliary ,offensive
4955,0, I am happy that you are feeling better!winking face ,not-offensive
4956,0, except she did not resist and it got her where she is today face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
4957,0, he is so beautiful there. ,not-offensive
4958,0,"   monte mcnaughton, who once accused the government of failing “uphold the rule of law” when he sided with campers over an indigenous group so, surely he is equally concerned about a government trying to rig an election   you can not pick and choose who is subject to the rule of law"""" ",not-offensive
4959,0, yes!! he is from gilmer!! it makes me laugh so much! ,not-offensive
4960,1," open a case"""" 4 this   john kerry  """"obama and i *knowingly  *funded *terror""""  55 billion     with a """"b"""" !!  god bless trump  maga  kag  deepstate ..  full link  .. ",offensive
4961,0, put your gun control policy on your website. ,not-offensive
4962,0, wow you are so beautiful ayumi ,not-offensive
4963,1, that is because you liberals have no morals anything goes with your kind drugs sex child endangerment ,offensive
4964,0, that is the entire basis for gun control unamused face facts do not matter ,not-offensive
4965,1,  is so stupid it makes her sooooooo hot ,offensive
4966,0,    so pleased you gave me the oppotunity to show some more truth1 thanks so much i love to use supporters of the corrupt as a billboard!  ,not-offensive
4967,1,  the left does not care. they victimize women and minorities for political gain. same story different democrat.  libtards  walkaway  maga ,offensive
4968,1,  that is correct!!!  maga ,offensive
4969,0,‘whoa bama!’ dismayed michelle obama fans suffer sticker shock over price of book tour tickets  sitroom  thelead  outfront  ac360  npr  pbsnews  pbsnewshour  tcot  tlot  maga  nyc  boston  baltimore  cleveland  chicago  milwaukee  denver  philadelphia  la ,not-offensive
4970,0,     lol!  do not hold your breath while you are waiting   because it is going to be about 6 more years of president trump. ,not-offensive
4971,1,    take the gun violence in the cities that already have strict gun control and it is extremely low.  gun crime has decreased at the same time gun ownership has increased. ,offensive
4972,1, why are you so fucking good. ,offensive
4973,1,   we skewer sushma swaraj also for treason. we r not inconsistent like you leftists liberals. take  your bloody poison somewhere else. ,offensive
4974,0, teamspotlightsunday this spotlight goes to 2 women! meghan mcdermott and alanna mcdermott. alanna has had an amazing journey not only physically but mentally. she is breaking her comfort zone by helping others achieve their goals. i am so proud of you! your growth is inspiring! ,not-offensive
4975,1,  this fluffy bastard. ,offensive
4976,1, no they are seeing how liberals are sleazballs and they are  walkingaway ,offensive
4977,0, you are interested in making me glance at your tweets because i think you are nintendo for a split second. ,not-offensive
4978,1, he is nuts!!!! ,offensive
4979,0,   her opinion. she is not a feminist. ,not-offensive
4980,0, keep doing your thing. I am just sitting back enjoying ,not-offensive
4981,0, this is going to backfire for the liberals...badly. I am guessing feinstein was fixing to retire because this should sink her. ,not-offensive
4982,0, can not say those words!! tweeter will come knocking ,not-offensive
4983,1,what the hell are these leftys talking about.  they will say anything to stop maga. ,offensive
4984,0,   agree liberals will not have a majority but you will see people's party of canada in the running your little c party will be lower in the ranks the the ndp. ,not-offensive
4985,1,  nobody cares about paid protesters the capitol police need to get a hold on them lock them up ,offensive
4986,1, bernie! you have been in congress how long? now that you are getting closer to your death bed since you are old as dirt.. why a concern now? how many bills did you try to write or endorse before you decided to run for potus? do tell!!! ,offensive
4987,1, i thought the left hated guns? and gun violence? gun control right? ,offensive
4988,0, christians been thinking women lie since eve and the start of christianity....conservatives just give it legislative and judical teeth to oppress women in the modern age....  kavanaugh   kavanaughconfirmation   metoo ,not-offensive
4989,1," finally! no more terrible takes of the nfl owners are racist"""""""" ",offensive
4990,1, it is in my fuckbucket ,offensive
4991,1,     hmmmm what about the meps who we elect in the uk who attend the european parliament to represent the uk?   it is a framework under which we operate. we are not the victim until we leave and are then subject to rules we do not even control.  it is a  brexitshambles. let us stop it. ,offensive
4992,0,   really? it is been the dems that have been behind all violence from mass murderers to confrontations to antifa. wake up ,not-offensive
4993,0, as a member of antifa?    ,not-offensive
4994,0, she is a bit skeptical... her past relationships were rather challenging and she clearly has not the best experiences.   this is why she always wants to be sure. ,not-offensive
4995,0, they crossed the line a long time ago. antifa is a branch of the socialist party. ,not-offensive
4996,0,    when some one is defaulter and you are fm... ideally what should a fm must say when he meet dafauler ,not-offensive
4997,0,    heavy minus signbackhand index pointing rightdark skin tonegun control groups putting millions into elections ,not-offensive
4998,0,     could you clarify what specific lies or fake news you believe that she is propagating and your sources to verify her information was false? ,not-offensive
4999,0, i am a lot older than she is ,not-offensive
5000,0,  twitter and social media seems to make errors only on conservatives and never liberals. why is that? ,not-offensive
5001,0, it only hangs in the balance because of liberals and news agencies that used the airwaves to push their politics..... like cnn. ,not-offensive
5002,0,"              i do not think he was calling antifa racist, just that the verge doesent call them out as they do the supposedly    white supremacist"""""""" ",not-offensive
5003,1, behold all the conservatives who deliberately ignore the fact that the ok gesture used to be benign but now is co opted by racists to signal they are down with white supremacy. much like swastikas were benign in asian countries  and still are  but were co opted and ruined by nazis. ,offensive
5004,0,     timing? they had this info in their laps? you betcha. that is the chess game of politics. nothing new here. use things to your advantage when you need them. does not make them untrue. 🤨 ,not-offensive
5005,0, oh ffs! this is just sublime. you are getting better and better ,not-offensive
5006,0,  did you reply to him with haleigh for afp? i think he is blocking for that. ,not-offensive
5007,1, good democracy is overrated.  read hans hermann hoppe  democracy  the god that failed ,offensive
5008,1, beautiful and sexy.. smiling face with heart eyesface blowing a kiss ,offensive
5009,1," if the media stop reporting what happens on the view"""" perhaps it will disappear from view. if  conservative america wanted to know what those imbalanced voices had to say we would watch it. the rest of us are busy watching the sidewalk for poop put there by hollywood liberals."""" ",offensive
5010,0, abi? you are right ,not-offensive
5011,1,930 pm 3rd round  gun control whining and sen blumenthal hands still shaking like a leaf as he tells the judge get into the real world. this from a millionaire who has no idea about the real world.    kavanaughconfirmationhearings ,offensive
5012,1, a whole meta joke here would be my original tweet fuckin up the calculations. ,offensive
5013,0,    antifa is as anti fascist as north korea is a democratic republic. ,not-offensive
5014,0, trudeau claiming what conservatives did or did not do instead of what he was to busy to do for the last 3 years  trudeaumustgo  liberalsmustgo  gonein2019 ,not-offensive
5015,0, why must liberals insert agendas into everything? ,not-offensive
5016,0, ask obama what need be done! rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
5017,1,bias blockers  the new glasses made for  maga racists and homophobes — watch ,offensive
5018,0,   she is clothed with strength and dignity and laughs without fear of the future. proverbs 31 25 two hearts ,not-offensive
5019,0,  the films with bale in got sucky as they went along? so what you are saying is that batman begins was better than the dark knight and dark knight rises? your comment makes no sense therefore you are invalid ,not-offensive
5020,1,after going through the system i cameto know that being a criminal  illegal  is most reputed and easy job rather than a simple  illegal  person. ,offensive
5021,0,   niggaaahhhh ,not-offensive
5022,0, happy birthday to hyunjea i love you you are very beautiful ...  the boyz  hyunjae  더보이즈  현재 ,not-offensive
5023,0,  does not he partly fund antifa? ,not-offensive
5024,0, yeah because godless liberals hate truth an facts ,not-offensive
5025,1,       joe is just singing the old liberal bullshit song and misrepresenting facts as usual. ,offensive
5026,1," black flag‍skull and crossbones️ this deplorable"""" from the """"dregs of society"""" says  public executions will make criminals think harder about being politiciansdouble exclamation mark️  maga  wwg1wga  qanon  draintheswamp  drainthedeepstate"""" ",offensive
5027,0, hahahaha. how many fake cases of hate have liberals made up sense the election? really sad liberals will lie about anything to get what they want. but can not really expect much from people who need safe spaces and attack people who do not agree with them ,not-offensive
5028,0,      doesn'tunderstandmetaphors ,not-offensive
5029,0,  you have a lot to atone for. you better atone for all your lies. i used to think you were a better person. i can not see anything but evil. ,not-offensive
5030,0, 2 republican men in a picture 85 and 84 what are men of that age are law makers too old no sorry young republicans are like young conservatives they are all born at 40 years of age ,not-offensive
5031,0, cue the liberals’ moral shunning of society for a minute  as they take a break from trying to ruin brett kavanaugh’s life and humiliating his family. ,not-offensive
5032,0,                                                 better bring out antifaface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5033,1,"         they lie about firearms. they call the ar 15 a fully semi automatic assault rifle."""" they push gun control.  they say donald trump is racist and hates mexicans.  they say he colluded with russia.  so yes, they lie"""" ",offensive
5034,0, and their last hit and ounce of relevance?  netherlandstaxhaven ,not-offensive
5035,0, speaking of fates babies. i hate nina fates and that she is in feh. honestly i do not get bitter about people being added. but she reminds me of a real life experience and it hits close to home ,not-offensive
5036,0, is one of the only shows that are a progressive that i can stand to watch. he dislikes the right and left evenly and you know who he is right from the start. if you have never seen his show check it out on youtube. insightful red heart🇺🇸  maga ,not-offensive
5037,0,  liberals do not believe in facts just feelings ,not-offensive
5038,0,  we are busy maga love our president purple heartthumbs up🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
5039,0, thank you for letting us know how you are. ,not-offensive
5040,0, not according to the echr who said it was inhuman and degrading treatment which is pretty awful in itself. so you are directing your comments at the wrong person. ,not-offensive
5041,1, he is trash himself to do that ,offensive
5042,0, yes they have and its infuriating. ,not-offensive
5043,1,    chris burns you are a fascist. nothing more than that. ,offensive
5044,0,  you liberals will never see him a genuine leader as you are trying to portrait him because he did not do struggle at all and has no qualifications but just son of az  ap wese to bahut ethics aur morality ko promote krty hn  ppp pe aa k sary liberals🤪 ,not-offensive
5045,1," and republicans fall right in line and say these are serious accusations we must postpone the vote until we hear from her"""".  many republicans are not interested in being conservatives."""" ",offensive
5046,1,  lefty pope should also! he is not worthy rep for true christian roman catholics!! he failed his flock! ,offensive
5047,0, liberals behave as if laws and rules are for other people.  canada needs to rid itself of their corruption. ,not-offensive
5048,1,     peter....look at your liberal self making no sense.....it is just a little suspicious that everyone making last minute claims against kavanaugh are trump hating liberals...and of course they have zero proof of anything...just like their collusion obsession. ,offensive
5049,0, liberals are like adding salt to beer   they spoil everything... ,not-offensive
5050,0, what about  ?  you and your antifa son are keeping your trap shut about that. ,not-offensive
5051,1, still waiting for mine fat ,offensive
5052,0,  and you are sure she is lying? ,not-offensive
5053,0,    trumpderangementsyndrome case number 3837252 wow  liberals got it bad about the same as the  msm ,not-offensive
5054,0, what gun control do not they have ? even the smallest forces have policies in place for firearm use ! i support gun control i can not hit my target w of it ! ,not-offensive
5055,0, anyone have tabs on asia argento?  metoo ,not-offensive
5056,1, boy hollywood sure does like to look like fools all the time.  wait until they find out it is a big hoax manufactured by liberals.  think they will apologize to kavanaugh?  no way. ,offensive
5057,0,  we had a peoples vote on 23 june 2016. the people rejected the craven  worship which you stand for   by a majority of over 1m. you are contemptuously defying the will of the people and  2017 ge manifesto and supporting soros in undermining democracy instead ,not-offensive
5058,1, billy bargain thumbs up ,offensive
5059,0,  ah yes just get a better job. you realize the majority of new job growth is in service industry? and with how expensive student loans are college is less and less realistic for people. ,not-offensive
5060,0,  of.k. conservatives get to the polls. vote red. ,not-offensive
5061,1, thus far the only people getting shot and kicked out of places are conservatives.  maga  walkaway  confirmkavanaugh ,offensive
5062,0, paul george ,not-offensive
5063,0, can you say desperate?!?!?! ,not-offensive
5064,0, anyone interested in achieving real  socialjustice instead of just pursuing the left wing  fascist's  identitypolitics  insisting that all minorities must hate white folks  they would be protesting the huuge multi national corp's ceo pay being over 100 times the ave workers pay ,not-offensive
5065,1,  she is a lying leftist! ,offensive
5066,0, i do not forgive you either.... ,not-offensive
5067,0,    it is good to know there is always a second option. ,not-offensive
5068,1, bullshit! my daughters and i watched the tennis match and sarrena got what she deserved. we are big williams  fans. no one is above the game. ,offensive
5069,1,  cowards in masks. antifa are the true fascists. ,offensive
5070,0,that is not am buller point on the list of voters needs.  wiunion  wipolitics  wiright  maga  nra   democrats  demonicrats  pervertsinc ,not-offensive
5071,0,   poor joe he is in bad need of some attention so he attacks the president and his supporters. he said jobs a 3 letter word was the key to prosperity. guess who delivered those? ,not-offensive
5072,1, he is just mad because of the pos that he is could not do crap except divide this country. ,offensive
5073,1,  wow! you are exactly like antifa! you say you are against radical influences but you are the most radical of all! de platforming anyone that disagrees with you? did you pull that one straight out of hitler's playbook? can you get any more nazi fascist? look behind you! it is karma! ,offensive
5074,0,  it is ridiculous. all the sock puppet accounts apparently have marching orders to start a boycott of the film. a lot of maga snowflakes. neutral face thankfully most of them are on our list of known sock puppets so blocking the rest was not hard. ,not-offensive
5075,1, he schools read a ammo box warning label... ,offensive
5076,0,   . for president!!  maga  kag ,not-offensive
5077,1,  conservatives would do anything to eliminate the value of laborers in this country. people worked and died for this holiday. do not want to see it lost to some fake constitution worshiping by people who do not value the constitution in any way such as the far right. ,offensive
5078,0,  a national treasure she is. face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5079,1, for all i know you are naming off sex robot models ,offensive
5080,0,     like unemployed libleft antifa sjw parent basement dwellers... ,not-offensive
5081,0,  ah he is great. cheers ,not-offensive
5082,0," nothing with liberals is fair""""."""" ",not-offensive
5083,0,"            here is my 15 year old daughter's report"""" smiling face with open mouth   smiling eyes  conservative as well   fluffywolf1218 ",not-offensive
5084,1,  that is your answer “shut the fuck up”. you should join antifa with all the other loudmouth punks. ,offensive
5085,0,  great information!!! my husband has a smi. we are very thankful he is doing ok. many are not and it is heartbreaking. i was diagnosed almost 25 yrs. ago and we do not seem to have made much progress in all that time. i learned a lot from you. thank you!! ,not-offensive
5086,1, democrats will let animals like this out all over the country if they get power back. ,offensive
5087,0, again gun control law? ,not-offensive
5088,0,  the gauge potential is the connection on the quantum field as like in differential geometry. and the field strength  tensor is the curvature tensor. ,not-offensive
5089,0, when is lvmpd and mgm going to be held accountable for  vegasshooting and it is subsequent coverup and knee jerk gun control? anyone else find it curious that the first surveillance video released by mgm was in an exclusive to the new york times ? ,not-offensive
5090,1, she is one ugly and dumb woman! ,offensive
5091,0,look at the smiles smiling face with heart eyes🤩hugging faceeyeswriting hand  maga  qanon  trump  wwg1wga  qarmy  qalert  magaforallinc  backhand index pointing down  teamtrumpface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
5092,0," she is"""" watches her move around so little to"""" ",not-offensive
5093,0,  she is in fact not latino back to your trade ,not-offensive
5094,0,  it is the liberals plans to destroy our judeo christian culture and replace it w this irrational just science. ,not-offensive
5095,1,  you all some bitches laughing out loud ,offensive
5096,1,    wrong...we are sending another giant f....you to liberals...winking face ,offensive
5097,0,  liberals are in full meltdown today...fun to watch... ,not-offensive
5098,0, we the people   not you the poitician ,not-offensive
5099,1," i bet he is sayin wat his daddy says most... do not start me baby""""face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy"""" ",offensive
5100,1, how did you get to where you are while still being so profoundly ignorant? ,offensive
5101,0,   plus now we know where she likes to kiss you at when she is singing do not judge me. ,not-offensive
5102,0, time for a statement on the  support for victor orban and his anti semitism. ,not-offensive
5103,0,100  follow back   conservatives must stand united!       trump45  maga2kag 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
5104,1," greatestthingsaboutthe90s nothing. the treacherous lefty media people made sure benny hill was taken off tv and even more treacherous conservatives"""" conspired to remove maggie thatcher as our leader then almost fatally signed us even deeper into the extremely hostile commie eu"""" ",offensive
5105,0,   no that is it the mind set of gangs in chicago where the toughest gun control laws are and it does nothing. ,not-offensive
5106,0, i will not be playing your game on android ever as 1  I am downloading an all from an unknown source and 2  i think all epic games should be banned from the android system as you are stripping the revenue that pays for the dev and it is unfair on other devs like me pouting face ,not-offensive
5107,0, and the nytimes anonymous author he probably considers a saint. ,not-offensive
5108,0,     aaaah thank you sm ,not-offensive
5109,0, you are literally so woke and sexy ,not-offensive
5110,0, you are a great model for inspiration ,not-offensive
5111,0, evil man. how would you know ,not-offensive
5112,0,46 million  health care for all! gun control for msd students.  food for the hungry   wait did we get the ostrich jacket?  gop is it time yet? ,not-offensive
5113,1, ashole going to eat himself to death ,offensive
5114,1, so what  your saying is that it is in fact chicken shit and you are eating chicken shit ,offensive
5115,0,   the distance home for right now but we will be sending you a doll factory proof very soon and you are going to love it fiona!! ,not-offensive
5116,0, of course he does!!   maga  for everyone 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
5117,1, can you imagine being married to that crazy b tch? good god! ,offensive
5118,1, in other words  mueller it is not constipated in other words  mueller has diarrhea? ,offensive
5119,1, that shit hurtsdisappointed facedisappointed face ,offensive
5120,0,   and by liberals you mean conservatives. ,not-offensive
5121,0, his name is coco!  he is a pomeranian.  he is actually old.  he is is 12. the most loyal dog i have even known! ,not-offensive
5122,1,  thankstrump this is a 'start' we must get these 'numbers' down to 0  zero  by 'any' and ' means 'necessary' these so called 'refugees' who are not 'terrorist sexual criminals' must stop being 'cowards' and 'return' to 'their native lands' to 'fight'  maga  refugeesnotwelcome ,offensive
5123,1,    kick the absolute shite out of the car. ,offensive
5124,0, legit tweeted 30 seconds after this what the  ,not-offensive
5125,0," it is up there with the bumper sticker liberals"""", just more expensive."""" ",not-offensive
5126,0,    i think it is a political impasse  conservatives are not going to vote to force a ge and tm is not going to allow remain on the ballot paper ? ,not-offensive
5127,1,                    picked up some fire og today. it is really good but it is ugly as fuck. i almost passed on it but he smoked a j with me and it is fuckin fire. wish we could share a bowl my brother victory hand️green heart ,offensive
5128,0," why did not  tell us this about the cincinatti murder at fifth third bank?  he said the firearm was apparently legally purchased.""""  is it harder to clamor for more failed gun control?   2a ",not-offensive
5129,0, google cfo exec cries about election night in front of a crowd at a podium. she and her colleagues control our elections. when social media giants support one political ideology exclusively over another it is  time to treat their actions as political donations subject to fec rules. ,not-offensive
5130,0, oh shit stay safe!! !! ,not-offensive
5131,0,    right. dang. she is the s...t ,not-offensive
5132,0, no wonder he is being apologetic and more social these day.... ,not-offensive
5133,0,6 reason?   there are more. ,not-offensive
5134,0, you are a bye week ,not-offensive
5135,0,   people do speak out for gun control and against gun violence. if you do not see it you are choosing not to pay attention and that is just wilful ignorance on your part. ,not-offensive
5136,0,  if your party ever wants to be taken seriously they need to call off and defund violent liberals antifa with their kkk hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about. either you care about human life and all these causes or you have people beat up. you can not have it both ways. ,not-offensive
5137,0, womenshouldruletheworld that is all. via  ,not-offensive
5138,1,  she is a zombie. ,offensive
5139,0,     she is going to be heartbroken to see you and you 6 followers go. bot bot bot. ,not-offensive
5140,0, if she is close by i do not mind checking in on her. I am in greenville nc ,not-offensive
5141,0, antifa nut cases. ,not-offensive
5142,1,   we call that game  bullshit . ,offensive
5143,0,  he is so good and so is titus welliver as jimmy of and he also responds whenever you tag him in stuff so i do not want to bug him ,not-offensive
5144,0, just sitting on the bus listening to the most sensible thing and I am trying not to tear up i miss your father so much and it hurts to watch and listen to him i wish he was here but i know for a fact he is with all of us and he will always forever be the best ,not-offensive
5145,0," it was enough to slow her to a stop, she yelped loudly.  ....?!""""  there is fear in her eyes, and thirium leaking from the gunshot wounds, but she is going nowhere.  """"i have..no desire to die."""""""" ",not-offensive
5146,0, you are literally very skinny stop playin with me ,not-offensive
5147,0, the next call of duty game should also take the opportunity to tackle the gun control issue. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
5148,0,   funny how liberals love my presidents eggplant face with tears of joy🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
5149,1,  she is an ugly black hearted troll ,offensive
5150,0,     i will not say there have not been any but compared to antifa protests its not even comparable. ,not-offensive
5151,1, this is not ya finest moment hun. try again once you fix ya shit and knock this tweet away. ,offensive
5152,1, as much as i dislike antifa. i hope none of them are stupid enough to fall for this bait and end up getting themselves or someone else injured or killed ,offensive
5153,1,   is inciting violence via twitter to accounts supporting potus. he has made lists to have us targeted by antifa...etc. ,offensive
5154,0, nahhh you are! ,not-offensive
5155,0, why does it matter if a candidate is a woman or a man? i thought we were all the same? everything the liberals believe in contradicts their other beliefs face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5156,0, hedy lamarr is a close second.  she is fascinating. ,not-offensive
5157,1,. you are deplorable despicable disgusting!  ,offensive
5158,1,  I have never once heard you be thankful. all you do is shit on canada. on the police. on our history. on conservatives. ,offensive
5159,0, you said that already. are you already broken? where do i go to return you so i can get a new generic retarded antifa supporter to laugh at? ,not-offensive
5160,0, as if.... ,not-offensive
5161,0, do you have any idea how old he is? ,not-offensive
5162,0, walkaway from  liberals and  justintrudeau ,not-offensive
5163,1,   why did the democrats have to jam far left liberal judges down conservatives throat? every liberal judge should be investigated all the way back to grade school. the only lowlife here is you. ,offensive
5164,0, 9 times out of 10 i have the dog on my lap and if i get to rowdy he gets scared that i am hurt then he trys to kiss me.also he is a ham so when the camera comes out he is like pictures?!let me be in them.he photo bombs whenever possible.face with tears of joyface with tears of joydog face ,not-offensive
5165,0,  did  advise iran to do this since he is there go to guy? ,not-offensive
5166,1, master of none was so fucking good. ,offensive
5167,0,                     sorry that meme is way backward but there is some good vids of antifa meeting a vet on the streets  ,not-offensive
5168,0,  she is absolutely amazing heart suit️ ,not-offensive
5169,0,  without a doubt! ,not-offensive
5170,1, he drew the saw because the marker was in his left hand which is connected to his right brain which is connected to his left eye which saw the saw. his right eye which is connected to his left brain saw the hammer.  psyc1101 ,offensive
5171,0, yes and she is the biggest joke in bb history. ,not-offensive
5172,1,     not the point  although it is  a convenient excuse for conservatives to assume if ones against trump then tbey ate for for clinton which is just asinine. rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
5173,0,  you are awesome  heart suit️heart suit️smiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
5174,1," 500 comments, and all negative, slamming chris hayes for promoting vote suppression via michael i love rapist and putin puppet assange"""" moore and his latest """"kill the dems"""" movie. how about a town hall on women's repro rights and gun control on eve of kavanaugh vote instead? ",offensive
5175,0,  you have no right to assume she is telling anything less than the truth. because you side with kavanaugh says more about you than him. i hope the voters in your state understand than you will always side with him. and consequently always side against her. shame on you! voteblue ,not-offensive
5176,0, this is why i am voting for senator bill nelson and all other democrats in florida to make our state healthy and clean. gun control laws changed. climate change under control for florida. please vote! ,not-offensive
5177,1, hiya sexy p s bolna xxx ,offensive
5178,0,     hahah a left telling a right he is making everything political.. too f’n funny! ,not-offensive
5179,1, poor baby.  this is why you and your entire network can not be trusted.    the only people still watching cnn are brainwashed liberals and demonrats. ,offensive
5180,0, i do not think he needs a qualification.  but good  on you. i am impressed.  you are an inspiration to you younger peers. ,not-offensive
5181,0,"      funny how often you see criticism of federal polices and some writes  both the conservatives and the liberals"""""""" ",not-offensive
5182,0, here she is........ ,not-offensive
5183,1,5  most epic moment in 3 sentences  graaawrl wyvern for breakfast guys!!! you are so dumb the healer has to babysit you and fire this shit try of a dragon because of your foolishness also we need to bury the half body of our tank and try to get out his other half from its stomach ,offensive
5184,0,     so it is ok for congress to take away the constitution like they did?     you realize congress just took away all gun control laws when they threw out article 4 sec 4 us constitution....  all gun control laws come from there ,not-offensive
5185,0, hello !! you used to date anthony weiner !!! what does that tell us about you ? ,not-offensive
5186,1,       is clearly racist and anti senior citizen. how do you allow this? conservatives will never take you seriously if you do not start being fair. ,offensive
5187,0,"            do not get the right vibe yet it feels like too few are in uproar"""" it is because too few are affected as yet. wait untill 6million+ inc those in full time work but claiming hb or tax credits are subject to uc's owellian total controll. will be armageddon that sinks  ",not-offensive
5188,0,keep your mind open.  conservatives  republican  maga  shadowbanning  americafirst  trump  patriot         walkaway  walkawayfromdemocrats  fakenews       ,not-offensive
5189,0, he is in!!! ,not-offensive
5190,1, she is such a witch ,offensive
5191,0, they are becoming more and more like antifa everyday. ,not-offensive
5192,0, have you come across the wonderful  she is also doing great things for inclusion. ,not-offensive
5193,0,in a heartbeat growing heart 🇺🇸  maga  kag absolutely! ,not-offensive
5194,0, wait until he is on your coaching staff and you will change your mind. ,not-offensive
5195,0,                                                  true they raided a antifa bomb factory in germany! ,not-offensive
5196,0,  what you are saying is simply untrue. ,not-offensive
5197,0,  then there should be no problem having kavanaugh take a lie detector test just as dr. ford. if he is so anxious to clear his name he should be asking to take a lie detector test. the fact that  is not blasting tweets on this issue also speaks volumes! ,not-offensive
5198,0, up next  liberals calling us out for calling him guilty. ,not-offensive
5199,0, schools should be beautiful places where safety is not threatened and it should not have to be built like a vault simply because we chose to not consider gun control. ,not-offensive
5200,0, sandy hook was used to drum up public support for stricter gun control. ,not-offensive
5201,1, i tried to remember? i do not under your joke. i lobe conservatives like yourself because your so inept. ,offensive
5202,1,   lindsey will never sink as low as you and the rest of the hateful liberals. ,offensive
5203,1,  homer losing his boner over this is very petty there was a resemblance but again even if she is if they are not shoving it in our face then its okay ,offensive
5204,0,antifa caught off guard after getting confronted by the last person they... via  ,not-offensive
5205,1,"  the reaction from some conservatives was swift and appealed directly to male fears and male interests.""""  if men, after 50 years., can come forward about priests' sexual assault ,why can not women,especially if the person accused is going to be sc judge and stay on forever"""" ",offensive
5206,0, his protest is indeed a right as it is my right to make sure none of my money goes to the nfl or anything he supports including nike. ,not-offensive
5207,0, it is odd because they could easily withdraw him and get another acceptable to conservatives seated before new congress is seated in january. ,not-offensive
5208,0,           do you know what is going to happen now?  I am going to have to lay in bed and cry while i listen to kelly clarkson. thanks free speech antifa. ,not-offensive
5209,0," if we are not in control"""" then how come you are allowed to tweet that idea in the first place?"""" ",not-offensive
5210,0,mccaskill campaign hit with report on husband's federal subsidy windfall    mccaskill  kavanaugh  christineblaseyford  thursdaythoughts  maga ,not-offensive
5211,1, what the fuck is this they are trying to set him up so it looks like he somehow deserved to be shot ,offensive
5212,0, good. maybe they will give it to him. ,not-offensive
5213,0," i know you are here, and i do like you, a lot. but he is all i have left and I am not going to lose him. not again."""""""" ",not-offensive
5214,0,    wait so are pet stores hoarding? the fact that she is able to provide for an assistant to case for her animals means she is adequately caring for them. laugh my ass off that does not mean she has to do every single thing on her own ,not-offensive
5215,1,                                         i just blocked 3 asses. ,offensive
5216,1,   character assassination and intimidation are two of the favorite weapons liberals use against those who do not agree with them. some like ms waters  promote violence and support antifa   who has actually stated they want to kill trump and his supporters . skeptical ?.lol  ,offensive
5217,0, bring out his antifa criminal son to campaign for him ,not-offensive
5218,0," skating is way better than before. visually it does not looks a ton better, but it runs smoother and crisper"""" for lack of a better word. I am curious how 17 and 18 feel now if i revisit them"""" ",not-offensive
5219,0, chinese spy for 20 years drove fenstine where china wants it  reason why feinstein realeased name of dem activist in academia in fingering  kavanaughconfirmationhearing  news  jobs  job  marketing  music  art  fashion  shopmycloset  florence  projectmanagement  crypto  maga ,not-offensive
5220,1, sessions is not doing his job! he is a deep state rino just like you! ,offensive
5221,0, good news. i hope their advertisers are getting free ad space. ,not-offensive
5222,0,.        we did a great job of electing  and a terrible job of who we sent to congress to support him   conservatives left frustrated as congress passes big spending bills ,not-offensive
5223,0, yes that and antifa. ,not-offensive
5224,0,  i got on and saw only 5 ratings. where is the one you posted? are you having internet connection problems? is the  deepstate on to you too? ,not-offensive
5225,0, good look ,not-offensive
5226,0,    sorry not antifa it is the far right you know people probaly just like you who are so desperate to control women. ,not-offensive
5227,0,  unreal!  liberals have completely lost it and will do anything opposing our president!  very sad! ,not-offensive
5228,0, you realize she is being tricky with the wording on purpose. she is not saying the kids in the ice centers are being mistreated. ,not-offensive
5229,1, i know they be fired up thinking you got a hammer n your pants from how you walk n find out you got a coochie laughing out loud ,offensive
5230,0,   you all should really change the name of the “assault rifle” coming from a second amendment advocate it puts the wrong name of the rifle out there to the gun control lobby. it is not an assault rifle. it is just a normal rifle. ,not-offensive
5231,0,  free speech systems llc' aka 'infowars' is linked to a foreign intel agency or other non domestic entity? ,not-offensive
5232,0,      a visual representation of the gun control movement and why we are tired of the demands  ,not-offensive
5233,1,    so if paul golding turned up for a job at the bbc you would let him work for them? ,offensive
5234,1, democrats have not done anything but cover up ..so all you think you have a solution .ya do not.....you want gun control.? how about abortion control. free medical. free ed. quit tripping ,offensive
5235,0, you mean he is a ,not-offensive
5236,0, if you are asking if i got past college that would be a yes laughing out loud ,not-offensive
5237,1, and bale is shit ,offensive
5238,0, ...while wearing his t shirt promoting gun control... ,not-offensive
5239,0,   laugh my ass off you are the only who are getting so brave skull stay pressed trashno neptune ,not-offensive
5240,1,  that is just awful ! he never was much anyway! a grown man acting like that  a bully ! best to you and hubby mark ! maga 🇺🇸 ,offensive
5241,0, i think she is my favorite. god i need to get back to that game! but dragon quest 11 has me right now face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5242,1, plenty of ppl work a full shift and still manage to find their way home correctly. this bullshit is not flying with the public. ,offensive
5243,0,  i hope he gets on twitter so i can tell him how amazing he is. red heartsmiling face with open mouth   smiling eyes ,not-offensive
5244,0, they still making bread ,not-offensive
5245,1,  such a fucked night  ,offensive
5246,1, fake news he is a liberal dem. ,offensive
5247,0, conceal and carry is your best friend. ,not-offensive
5248,0, he is quite the yarn spinner ,not-offensive
5249,1,  cute as fuck hugging face ,offensive
5250,0, wait for it. the dims are going to preach gun control.... ,not-offensive
5251,0,  you are correct. my old eyes do not seem to work so well anymore. ,not-offensive
5252,0,antifa gets shot right in the nuts    phoenix    gas can via   now there is a challenge for a no scope kraber. ,not-offensive
5253,0,  we seem to have less shootings that you guys.  apparently you need more gun control laws. ,not-offensive
5254,0, has clearly been compromised. he is supporting behaviour that is unconstitutional.  ,not-offensive
5255,0,  i hope you realize that you are loved.  letsomebodyloveyou  life  ,not-offensive
5256,1, so babies are not future men? i suppose ripping their limbs off and sucking their dead bodies out and putting them in the trash. that is sorta thing? ,offensive
5257,0, i wonder if he is a chicago bears fan..? ,not-offensive
5258,0, thank you don jr! you are absolutely correct! ,not-offensive
5259,1,  i agree he is very intelligent and i like the latest policy of a sovereign wealth fund   something I have long supported. but he just does not cut through. someone like jo swinson would get the party more air time I am going to. ,offensive
5260,1, has this guy got acorns in his cheeks or what. lack of walking around sense is astonishing with liberals. ,offensive
5261,0,   exciting week ahead!! god bless you mr president  deplorables  maga  kag ,not-offensive
5262,0, for someone unqualified he seems to be doing a darned good job. ,not-offensive
5263,0,   why would feinstein even waste paper on this anonymous letter she is not well. ,not-offensive
5264,0,     all business owners are involved in lawsuits on a regular basis. it is whatbour society has become. liberals constantly looking for a handout. ,not-offensive
5265,0, or christian conservatives could man up and do whatever it takes to win. ,not-offensive
5266,0, jonah hill ratted your sorry ass out wdym ,not-offensive
5267,0,  that is not what he is saying. situations are similar. ,not-offensive
5268,0,                                            the other is the symbol of pedos as confirmed by the fbi ,not-offensive
5269,0, she is a college professor in cali. resist antifa burn buildings riot cali colleges . ,not-offensive
5270,1, yet she is fat herself. ,offensive
5271,0,                     rtd! thank you for boosting this! ,not-offensive
5272,1,  liberals have no shame. to them the outcome justifies the mean ,offensive
5273,0, thank antifa for their special brand of authoritarianism  just look at sargon of akkad ,not-offensive
5274,0, yes she is ,not-offensive
5275,0, guess you are going to ignore what karmys are asking...  skullskullskull ,not-offensive
5276,0,   what is your issue with antifa? ,not-offensive
5277,1, you were made a fooln of last night by kavanaugh so like a spiteful child seeking attention youngo on your wide eyed rant. you are an embarrassment to the chamber and this country ,offensive
5278,0, does not the university of wisconsin have entrance requirements or do they take anyone rejected by other universities? ,not-offensive
5279,0,  soros is at the root of everything and anything anti american. he has his money in hollywood all the way to islam and antifa to illegals . ,not-offensive
5280,1,   I am sure she is worried. give me a break. dana is doing a job. you know where you make a living and pay for your own healthcare etc. you dirt bags that do not even shower crying about gun control should try it. ,offensive
5281,0, launching her campaign in  mississauga she is working for a more socially and economically responsible city! ,not-offensive
5282,1,   restricting ammo is infringing upon right to bear arms. how about women can have abortions but restricted to 1 3rd week of pregnancy and must be registered easy test of gun control laws   apply them to other rights to see if they would be supported. if not then they are bad ,offensive
5283,0, you are not alone! will say prayers for you.  hang in there! ,not-offensive
5284,0,  those are some lucky people on tulsa!    saw this and needed to share with a fellow fan of levi's jeans. yet another reason to love our levi's!  ,not-offensive
5285,1,            why to the cowards not list antifa on their profiles. cowards or terrorist or both... I will go with both! ,offensive
5286,1,      aaron finding the sending if a locomotive funny. he is aware it symbolises the trains jews were sent to their deaths on. ,offensive
5287,1,"  majority of daca from 3rd world countries are communists activists antifa ofaand 1 incompatibles w uscultureand2felons by criminal violenceandparticipation in cult includes kill potus45""""and""""destroysovereignusa usconstndem'y+ replace w marxist 4threichnwo tyranny=treason"""" ",offensive
5288,0, i think its the hope for her abuser to get better that hits me. she is so brave and strong to say she prays for him to see the light. ,not-offensive
5289,0, all because she referred to potus as “the donald”.  she is now “the jourdan” because of that letter.  cc   ,not-offensive
5290,0, fear monger. fake rage. ,not-offensive
5291,1, seriously??.... guess comedy is easier to get viral.... have you tried drawing shit? xd ,offensive
5292,1, just look at the ass and keep it moving person facepalmingmedium skin tone‍female sign️ ,offensive
5293,0,  stop trying to convince people   is extremely unpopular.  unfortunately he is not and it takes away all urgency for liberals to vote in november.  this  bluewave nonsense will not happen if people are comfortable it will happen whether they vote or not. ,not-offensive
5294,0,"   however if by at the top"""" you mean senior engineers generally, then you are *once again* confusing individual competence   which surprise surprise has not changed   with organisational structure and competence. good people thrive in a structure that allows things to get done"""" ",not-offensive
5295,0,24 concert goers shot dead in jacksonville with .38 caliber smith and wesson. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,not-offensive
5296,1, this is the most ridiculous tweet I have read today. comparing the traitors that are the  cpc to the liberals is like saying the democrats and republicans are two of the same. grasping on straws. pathetic ,offensive
5297,0, bs maybe the unemployed and those loving on the government it ,not-offensive
5298,0,       what a stupid incompetent devious and toxic pm! may have not you forgotten 17.4 million voters? betray us at your peril! you are eroding faith in democracy + destroying tory party! you should go ,not-offensive
5299,0, she is my favorite person ,not-offensive
5300,0, he is a piece of work! ,not-offensive
5301,0,yes!!!!! please!!!!   maga  confirmkavanaugh  voteredtosaveamerica ,not-offensive
5302,0,  conservatives are opposing liberals and canada ,not-offensive
5303,1, that will not happen as he is only comfortable twitting from his golden throne or toilet to most of us. ,offensive
5304,0,   hahahaha ..  how lucky you are sor to witness din kakulitan live and on the spot ! inggit me sir .  and laugh your pain ang peg ni capt. barber  !   pushawardsmaywards ,not-offensive
5305,0, kingggg ,not-offensive
5306,0,   antifa lives! ,not-offensive
5307,1, what the fuck ,offensive
5308,1, i still want him to fuck my pussy with a rake. ,offensive
5309,0,  i would have thought a nazi incel spunktrumpet like shapiro would actually feel rage about an antifa film. ,not-offensive
5310,1,  guys i am literally italian and i know what that shit is what the fuck ,offensive
5311,1,   says the fat antifa member ,offensive
5312,0, hi guy fieri i like cool person you are down to earth i love your shows i love your red car i love classic cars. ,not-offensive
5313,1, i simply disagree flotus. he or she is exposing the egregious behaviour of your husband which no one else will. potus’s actions are hurting this country. words matter and style matters. truth matters. ,offensive
5314,0,   he is the un indicted co conspirator aka individual 1 . ,not-offensive
5315,1,all of this shows just how scared liberals are of the new  that is going to be guided by the constitution and bill of rights. they honestly believed they had made them powerless in today's courts.  trump is  maga and deplorables are helping. ,offensive
5316,1, qanon liberals are like monkeys throwing their own shit at everything ,offensive
5317,1,  antifa is much much smaller than white supremacists in america and responsible for a fraction of the violence. also nazi's are bad!!! ,offensive
5318,0,  i am beginning to believe that all liberals are sociopaths. none of the people here believe in rule of law. you have to have evidence of a crime to go any further  confirmbrettkavanaughnow ,not-offensive
5319,0,                 like a gazelle fleeing an antifa mob? ,not-offensive
5320,0, guns  2a 'last lockdown' statues part of gun control group's plan to change minds in pro gun districts  tucker  left colluding with companies to suppress gun rights tucker  the ideological gap between the leaders of america's most ,not-offensive
5321,0, also “the left calls anyone it does not like fascist”   calls everyone on the left antifa. ,not-offensive
5322,0,   you are worthy flexed bicepsmedium dark skin tone hundred pointsurl ,not-offensive
5323,0,  i really really wish you had a prime time spot harrisfolded hands you are my favorite and soooo pretty toosmiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
5324,1, you are trippin. stop jumping to conclusions. ,offensive
5325,1,  rbg next! can not wait! the hateful intolerant racists on the left will not win! rbg next!!!! maga ,offensive
5326,1, as if conservatives did not hate sesame st enough ,offensive
5327,0,"2010   conservatives slash  housing associations annual capital funding from £3bn a year to £450m   £25bn over 10yrs   2018   theresamay announces groundbreaking"""" housing initiative of £2bn for the decade  £200m a year    🏘️ housingforall  housingcrisis  housingmarket  nhf18 ",not-offensive
5328,1, trump does not want to have the fbi investigate dr. ford's claim b c ivana trump  reported that trump raped her.  a culture of dirty old sexual perverted men in the gop and neo liberals doing the same thing to dr. ford as they did to anita hill. white men have no respect for women ,offensive
5329,0,             do not forget  and democrat backed  antifa ,not-offensive
5330,0,   the conservatives are winning because of a turn coat liberal?  so you are admitting cons are failed libs? ,not-offensive
5331,0, perhaps he is going to talk about pedestal and all the collusion by the hrc campaign!! after all this investigation is not only to be about prasident trump.  plenty of illegal activity by the dnc and clinton campaign! ,not-offensive
5332,1, amazing how much money is being thrown at this guy by liberals freaking out. beto epitomizes everything that is wrong in america. vote cruz! ,offensive
5333,1,     i agree. those antifa nutjobs should be arrested before they start trouble again ,offensive
5334,0, white nationalist and nazis are not the same. also at this point I would prefer nazis to be honest ,not-offensive
5335,1, funny human rights he is  pro abortion that settles it he lies pacified deceives playboy ,offensive
5336,1, perhaps fbi etc. should look into orrin hatch closet and investigate what he is hiding sex offenders always stick together ,offensive
5337,0,  chuckle heads. ,not-offensive
5338,1," eg, antifa holding the position that police are racist or should be killed. generalizations such as those are what I would call attacking law enforcement.""""  """"attacking the cancer in the body"""" is not the same as """"attacking the body"""" even if it is systemic."""" ",offensive
5339,0,. concern about  a8 and charters was and is bipartisan. ,not-offensive
5340,1, do not dignify her stupidity by posting her comments!!! ,offensive
5341,0, shame she is noting but professionalism she has one and day and everyone wants to judge ,not-offensive
5342,0, uofgh justice studies assistant program head dr. glenn hanna recently took part in a series of interviews with cbc radio regarding gun control and what a potential ban on handguns and assault rifles could mean for canada. listen to the interview here  ,not-offensive
5343,0,"  no, you moved the goalposts from libs""""   a group that includes blm, which actually has burned down neighborhoods   to antifa specifically, which has only merely attempted to.  and if you can not point to conservative groups burning down neighborhoods  like blm has  or attempting  """" ",not-offensive
5344,0, go back to canada ,not-offensive
5345,0, oh man i was just telling myself this today. such good and encouraging advice when you are doing something new. ,not-offensive
5346,1, this is not the first time she has expressed this dismissive attitude toward public outcry against her votes. those people will be a factor when they vote her ass out of office in 2 years. i think she is toast. ,offensive
5347,0,     the og dream i believe is what you are looking for haha. if you watched all games in this tournament vs leetpro you would notice a pattern. never the less insane game and i am glad i witnessed it live. ,not-offensive
5348,1, please show me your post where you said the same thing about conservatives targeted by antifa and other leftist friends of yours face with rolling eyes  hypocrite ,offensive
5349,0, help help liberals... sexual assaults with facts... where are you? ,not-offensive
5350,1, gillibrand must have been a very sexually active woman to be pushing young women to have abortions. ,offensive
5351,0,                                          oh you did not just tag @ jack ,not-offensive
5352,0,  learning english for “conservatives” ,not-offensive
5353,1,"    nra tweet was a fraud  more than half of americans say gunrights are the most important issue."""" falsehood. the 53  was """"gun rights gun control"""", and ca question indicates biase towards control. deliberate knowing propaganda. ",offensive
5354,0, wifi  free ,not-offensive
5355,1,"  serena is a bully. she threatened to shove a ball down the throat of a line judge in the 09 us open. she was 2 points away from losing in the semifinals when she dbl faulted. she went ballistic and was penalized a point. she lost the match due to her threats. she is a bully"""" ",offensive
5356,0, go back to n. vietnam. ,not-offensive
5357,0,                     another great train  picked up some new patriots. thank you for including me. ,not-offensive
5358,1, you are a jerk. attacking julie for standing by her husband. you are just like all the other liberals want to ruin peoples lives. how about you not bash people until he is found guilty... bet your client just wants money!!! ,offensive
5359,0, you do not need makeup because you are beautiful asf angelgrowing heartgrowing heartgrowing heartgrowing heart love you ,not-offensive
5360,0,63 of the 65 women who vouched 4  kavanaugh have recanted after accuser comes forward flushed face wh scrambling weary facebut can they stop a demeaning  trump tweet clown facepile of poomiddle fingermedium light skin tone  maga  fbrparty  gopcomplicit  stopkanavaugh  trumptrain to  crazytown  alternativefacts ,not-offensive
5361,0,"    in our house this is known as the sadim touch"""" , the reverse midas, when everything turns to ratshit."""" ",not-offensive
5362,0,  rampant crime? you mean chicago a dem city that has the highest gun control of the country? taking credit for a black man? everything fell or stagnated with obama. and caging brown families? clinton bush and obama did it to a far worst extent. and thier illegal so whatever. ,not-offensive
5363,0, such support spooky at my lowest moment ,not-offensive
5364,0,  antifa slim is obsessed with trump. ,not-offensive
5365,1, ford is a liar and a ultra left wing radical working with george soros and others such as antifa and the dem party has known it all along. ,offensive
5366,1, already my ass i had so many fucking shots tonight ,offensive
5367,0, another billionaire buffoon.smiling face with sunglasses ,not-offensive
5368,0,          expanding the protection of rights is the opposite of curtailing rights. gun control curtails rights. ,not-offensive
5369,0,  there is something wrong with my tv as when liberals are on the audio simply reverts to  “blah blah blah blah blah blah blah”. I have looked into troubleshooting but there is no fix for that as it is the ‘source’ of audio and tv circuitry can not convert the insane bs into real words? ,not-offensive
5370,0,"      also not correct. but, the some of the safest us cities does not have strict gun control laws.  side note  you can not believe one word that *michael moore preaches in any of his documentaries.""""  this video is a bit of an eye opener  ",not-offensive
5371,1,           I am not sure where I am a fan of yet but i know i definitely suck hahaha ,offensive
5372,1, yeah we need some more made up bullshit protestors and antifa laughing out loud time for an epic beatdownwinking face ,offensive
5373,0, excuse you.  do you own twitter? do you have twitter rights that no one else does?   if you continue to viciously attack and name call me   i will continue to respond and defend myself.     typical liberal trying to argue all antifa style.  guess what?!? you still lose! ,not-offensive
5374,0,"     5. creating racial tension"""". usa racial issues start before 1776. these latest ones are fueled by,among others,nra and congress refusing to fully resource education and police training. ",not-offensive
5375,0,   hopefully conservatives will be welcomed in too. ,not-offensive
5376,0, face with tears of joyyep truly she is a paragon of beauty. ,not-offensive
5377,0, ha! compared to whom? kerry? obama? clinton? booker? harris? really? ,not-offensive
5378,1, yes i saw this and i will say tapper kept basket her and she kept coming back with stupid answers and he finally gave up i do not think he is a big fan of her policies he is not that stupid please ,offensive
5379,0,                a better question   what do american voters need to do to defeat antifa and their democrat sponsors? ,not-offensive
5380,1,    did you attend governor abbott’s meetings on solving gun problems in school?? i guess not! i did! there were excellent discussions on using guns to protect and defend! what is your point? you stand for gun control and 90  of real texans will not have their guns taken away!! ,offensive
5381,1,  right... disgusting! i can not tell if these acc is a man or woman but he she is sick. ,offensive
5382,0, good for business. ,not-offensive
5383,0, ah yes straight edge anime girls my on weakness ,not-offensive
5384,0,  is a lefty globalist.   noonecares ,not-offensive
5385,0," the only thing the principled"""" conservatives are outraged about is the clear moral and intellectual need for diversity and inclusion of all people of all faiths.   ",not-offensive
5386,0, i thought liberals got rid of high school shop class ,not-offensive
5387,0,  what type of common sense gun control ideas would you propose? ,not-offensive
5388,1, i miss you bitch!! ,offensive
5389,0,  let us focus on gun control laws and then focus on the border wall and get the money from mexico ,not-offensive
5390,1,  i think he could be called a turncoat  talking out of both sides of his fucking mouth  lindsey graham can no longer be trusted ,offensive
5391,1, those liberals are kinky people ,offensive
5392,1,  you are the in educated twat! that speed crap and can not read obviouslyface with thermometer! ,offensive
5393,0," part 3   hey, potato.""""    yeah?  """"how is our inkling girl sidekick so op?""""    ...good question.  """"she really is strange, is not she?""""    yeah  but she is our sidekick."""" ",not-offensive
5394,0, gender is not the same as sexuality but thinking face you tried also I am trans so johnny’s trans if i say he is. thanks! ,not-offensive
5395,1, myyy nigga raised fistmedium dark skin tone ,offensive
5396,1, lokk at july 29 when i said gordon would be cut for drugs and you called me a dipshit. ,offensive
5397,0,  somebody is terrified.  what will happen when the  american public knows the  truth about what you have been doing?  drainthedeepstate    maga  trump2020  kag  ,not-offensive
5398,0, girl power ,not-offensive
5399,0,  one mans evening is another's morning depending where you are xd  it is just about 8 30 in the morning here. ,not-offensive
5400,0, come on   you can do better. this has nothing to do with your agents. any subscriber with cash can sell or buy cash at whatever rate. you are just a conduit. its the law of demand and supply at play. ,not-offensive
5401,0, do not be so hard on yourself...the great people in your life love you for who you are why give them that displeasure to please suckers who will never like you no matter if you are a chick with ten thousand disguses... ,not-offensive
5402,0, i hope kyungsoo will work again  with nam ji hyun in the future she is so good i really liked the chemistry between them     exo  this drama deserve this ,not-offensive
5403,1, man that sucks unreal ,offensive
5404,1, ah.. classic antifa.. behavior of trashpeople. =  ,offensive
5405,0,  in the uk we are desperately trying to protect our national health service  free at the point of delivery  from right wing conservatives who admire the american model. ,not-offensive
5406,0,  give me the pounds wanka ,not-offensive
5407,0,"  reading when the letter does not say that they know ford. unlike the kavanaugh letter where the women say they do him. the left wing"""" liberals are not threatening this woman's life."""" ",not-offensive
5408,1,  liberals act out of emotion. not understanding the law. then they go around condemning every1 who does not agree with their completely fucked rational. “nobody believed women for 250 years. so let us believe all women! oh and screw the legal system! men are pigs. he is guilty!” smh ,offensive
5409,0,  how do i connect my usb token to an iphone? ,not-offensive
5410,1,willie’s hurtful response to his former fans who have quit him in droves over of his support for that little hippie beano.  maga  ,offensive
5411,0, maybe florida needs to get tougher on gun control! ,not-offensive
5412,1,  antifa is a high emotion low iq fascist organization. some of its members are fooled by its name into not reflecting on their own groups obvious fascist ideals and others are just there to take advantage of the rest of the fools. ,offensive
5413,1, i do not know anything about the kkk although i believe the democrats fund them like they always did.  i think the dems main terror group these days is antifa. ,offensive
5414,0,  then she should step down. it is not about her. she was elected by liberals. she has power because of liberals. ,not-offensive
5415,0, this is rei from evangelion concept design by  loudly crying facesmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
5416,0,  omg!!! she is perfect!!!!! ,not-offensive
5417,1,  poor sad liberals. no hope for them. ,offensive
5418,0, no wonder antifa wunderkind  wanted to work with you. ,not-offensive
5419,0,10 high school students murdered in dallas with wasr 10 century arms rifle. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,not-offensive
5420,1, do not watch moron movies ,offensive
5421,0, if gun control worked chicago would be a safe place. it is not. if national gun control worked mexico would be a safe place. it is not. do not believe the lyes. did alcohol prohibition work? no. did drug prohibition work? no. will gun prohibition work? no. ,not-offensive
5422,0, yay! you are unblocked face with tears of joy i see how you gently responded. ,not-offensive
5423,0,    well you are wrong. avenatti may not like trump as most people do not. but he has made things better for his client and that what he is paid for. ,not-offensive
5424,0, you are so cute loudly crying facetwo hearts ,not-offensive
5425,1, because liberals are sick of cnn!!!! ,offensive
5426,0,  true to curtin! ,not-offensive
5427,0,  where is integrity in any of these trump hating agencies. justice only works for liberals. ,not-offensive
5428,0, yes and give you energy naturally. keeps you hydrated ,not-offensive
5429,0, i feel as guys we rush into something because of how a girls looks. without really knowing how she is. and once having her. knowing her for who she is and realizing you do not want that without thinking of the implications or damage it can do to the girls mind. ,not-offensive
5430,1,                               i think you are being abnormal ,offensive
5431,0,    this is all you liberals have because you have been brainwashed to think this way.  growup and  walkawayfromdemocrats ,not-offensive
5432,1, that is one way to look at it. the other is that the charge is bullshit for almost everyone. ,offensive
5433,1," wow  you did not look up permanently"""" and """"suspends"""" before placing them next to each other in a fucking headline?  youhadonejob"""" ",offensive
5434,0,  it started when those with money realized their future dreams for business could now come true by seeing your ass was on the short list. ,not-offensive
5435,1, yes ..shit just move with the wind face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyshe just keep blessing us weary faceweary faceweary faceweary facered heart️person shruggingmedium light skin tone‍male sign️person facepalming‍female sign️ ,offensive
5436,0,    totally fair. but the times it is happened to serena in very important grand slam matches at the same slam. i get why she would be emotional. we are not in her shoes. every match she is expected to win and it is clear she is not handling her nerves well anymore in these matches. ,not-offensive
5437,1,  yep. they had to produce this article to shut up the liberals. ,offensive
5438,0, billy preston said all too well ”something from nothing leaves nothing...” ,not-offensive
5439,0,   if you think billionaires are truly liberal than you are the fool. they are playing their part in public but if they were truly liberals homelessness would end. you are being played like a fiddle ,not-offensive
5440,0,so now someone has to photoshop a pic of toad in a maga cap with a confederate flag on his kart. ,not-offensive
5441,0,60 and hopeful to someday meet a classy get a life that i can talk to about maga and wwg1wga!  have yet to find!  having way to much fun now not to share     ,not-offensive
5442,1," why are you acknowledging her existence. time to block her and give us all a break. she is a nobody"""". she use to be a funny comedian who gave away her power to hate and lost almost everything."""" ",offensive
5443,1, dougford again using  trump style authoritarian tactics  •discredit the media. •repeatedly spread lies. •build a false reality for your followers.  these are smart people. the conservatives know what they are doing. this is a planned strategy to weaken democracy.  onpoli ,offensive
5444,1,  truly has got to be the most idiotic thing I have ever seen. ,offensive
5445,1, he is an idiot and not very smart either. ,offensive
5446,0, threats from who? are liberals threatening her if she does not follow the playbook?thinking face ,not-offensive
5447,1,    lord of the pies should kept his c*ck holster shut.  nobody gives a toss what you hollyweirdo's have to say.   maga ,offensive
5448,0, she is beautiful!!! god bless you both folded hands ,not-offensive
5449,0,  just do not go to bank of america unless you are ready to prove that you are citizen every time you want to get your money out of your account. ,not-offensive
5450,1, you are still on that trump  train to nowhere!thumbs down ,offensive
5451,1,  what the fuck ,offensive
5452,1,  sir now to russia....putin is broke and a little bit crazy...the paltry 1.7 trillion gdp might because desperate actions from his dying regime. denuclearization in exchange for oil patch tech. that is all they have.. sir..maga ,offensive
5453,0,    you mean the utter contempt brexiteers are showing to businesses who are now virtually screaming that this is economic suicide? mark my words jlr is only the start. already small companies are moving to mainland eu as they cost of leaving is being put on them ,not-offensive
5454,1," sex games will make you feel like you are actully having sex or, as ign would describe it it really makes you feel like you are fucking some who are in an alleyway"""""""" ",offensive
5455,0, dana it all has to do with politics feinstein her number one goal is gun control. just look at california track record he is going to get confirmed. ,not-offensive
5456,1, i remember how much we were making fun of conservatives in the 90s for thinking that puppets were gay... now people are upset because they are not gay... pbs needs to put on a documentary teaching people how puppets are made... ,offensive
5457,0,4 . how much is american tax payers contributing to trump's corporation by his golfing every weekend at his course the one who was not going to golf!! 5 . why is the nra stopping any gun control which will cost how many student lives this year? this is the sad reality of congress! ,not-offensive
5458,0, he is looking for a place to hide ,not-offensive
5459,0,  with tons of security that he wants us to not have! it blows my mind how many gun control ppl have bodyguards with the guns we r not suppose to have ! ,not-offensive
5460,0, i feel like this happens at the library except they argue a .30 fine because they do not appreciate us and think she is doing us a favor by patronizing the library. but the family of seven with a huge fine on multiple picture books will write out a check then and there. ,not-offensive
5461,0,"       for example, i do not think that liberal imposition or inauthenticity"""" is the issue here. the issue is that of borders and citizenship   liberals assume the same rights and equalities arguments apply across borders that apply within borders. but that is not a widely shared view."""" ",not-offensive
5462,0,  i think he is talking about the illegal immigrants and their drugs of society. mostly liberals are the people funding the drug importation to this country. ,not-offensive
5463,0,  agreed!  what is wrong with senator collins to suggest this as tho the victim is on trial   she is not! ,not-offensive
5464,1," secondamendment i saw the dems in the kavanaugh hearings bring up common sense"""" gun control, time after time.  is a chicago guy. chicago has some of the very toughest gun laws in the country, yet it is the gun violence capital of the usa. how about this dick, ++"""" ",offensive
5465,0,    the australian origins of gun control   paperback   kindle  ,not-offensive
5466,0,  I am not watching it ever again. soccer anyone? that damn soccer game in tn looked like a winner to me. usa beat mexico 1 0. over 40k attended. i think soccer can overcome football in the future. ,not-offensive
5467,0,15 year old allison was completely in awe of the beauty and talented of the incomparable marin mazzie. so grateful to have met such an incredible woman and be a witness to her radiance!!! she is so very missed. sunflower ,not-offensive
5468,0," gun deaths global study shows us ranks 2nd worldwide 🇺🇸  our partner  is asking, “should more gun control laws be enacted?  read our partner's full article and express your opinion in the  1worldonline's poll   polloftheday ",not-offensive
5469,1, twitter is becoming tumblr 2013 and i am fucking terrified ,offensive
5470,0, sadnews  what  republicans  conservatives  deplorables forget am  democrats  liberals  tolerables also am  wethepeople  americanpeople. ,not-offensive
5471,1, ik never did. he is liar. ,offensive
5472,0, the daily vitriol and hatred spewed by scheming liberals is meant to incite precisely this type of lunacy. ,not-offensive
5473,1,  do you know what flanking and muscle flashing is with an ar15?  educate yourself and close that c•€k hol +€r...you do not know why you r talking aboutpouting facepouting facepouting facepouting face ,offensive
5474,1, i have you and kaze  i need more. ,offensive
5475,0,  shit come on unc! ,not-offensive
5476,1,   westminster   tories     brexiteers  outoftheeu  we think not  annasourpuss angry face best for the  uk 🇬🇧 without a doubt is to  leave with  noeudeal and just get on forging globe showing Europe Africa trade deals and say to the  eu  fuckeu flexed biceps ,offensive
5477,0, i think he is one a higher portion of the sidewalkpurple heart ,not-offensive
5478,0, glad to see another nfl owner has read the constitution. unlike all the crybabies fussing over peaceful protests.  freedomofexpression  freedomofexpression is still alive. that is one of the reasons america is great! ,not-offensive
5479,1,"  rae sis do not say no offense"""" then like tweets calling me a sad bitch, also i am truly shocked  your on the l6 train this year"""" ",offensive
5480,0,"   freedom from national debt"""" is also very good and written by former deputy secretary of the treasury frank n. newman. also great because he is not an mmt academic but basically confirms mmt from a non mmt insider's perspective"""" ",not-offensive
5481,0,     i am no one special or affiliated with  they are just my favorite team i believe it was personal and financial here is my take he obviously had some issues with management and  had to set a presedent and at the rate he is going he is going to command big       ,not-offensive
5482,0, about fifty deaths per weekend caused by guns in chicago which has very strict gun control laws  ,not-offensive
5483,0, he is over with the bola crowd according to the reaction he got from the first night of bola. ,not-offensive
5484,1, kavanaugh on gun control again raises his residence in the dangerous dc area. his exposure to gun violence in bethesda is like calling yourself gangsta because you live in beverly hills. ,offensive
5485,0, did the view just exposed crooked hillary through omarosa? face with tears of joyface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
5486,0, what is your story on gun control? ,not-offensive
5487,0, freak “! ,not-offensive
5488,0,     thescore happy birthday again!! lucky lovely charm ka ng     bouquetbouquetbouquetclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping hands you are stunning!!roseroserosered heart️red heart️red heart️   hiphop ka minsan sa game ha? ,not-offensive
5489,0, what happened to wokeisis ,not-offensive
5490,1, go to iran where you belong stupid idiot. ,offensive
5491,0, yeah that is true. i really hope you are able to get that time off for daisho. ,not-offensive
5492,0,                                                  why do the libdems deserve your anger today more than  1  conservatives  2  corbyn? ,not-offensive
5493,0, you are my favorite person on earth just so you know. if you are ever hungry and want some food i bought a 40 count of bagel bites from steel yard walmart and i will not be able to eat them all by myself so please keep that in mind ,not-offensive
5494,1, national unity? of you are so full of it! you just tweeted to get people mobilized. does that mean paying people to mobilize and because violence! where is it that you spoke out about antifa? a official group of terrorists. ,offensive
5495,1,   not if it is unwanted by the mother. then the left flushes it down the toilet and goes to an antifa rally to celebrate. ,offensive
5496,0,                 when liberals are uncomfortable. ,not-offensive
5497,1, you would. can not fix stupid.   maga  qanon  thursdaythoughts  drainthedeepstate  thankfulthursday  wwg1wga  walkaway ,offensive
5498,1, the monuments that will be torn down in the next 10 years?  much to the consternation of we conservatives ,offensive
5499,0,                      you are making the outward trappings of respect and patriotism more important than the patriotism that exists when you volunteer to serve your nation. ,not-offensive
5500,1,  she is a liar and probably on soros payroll ,offensive
5501,0,  see she is speechlessface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5502,0," ......oh what about kyle's since he is one of your many adoptive dads"""""""" ",not-offensive
5503,1, and honestly it is ridiculous.. you are grocery shopping there is no need to be like that ,offensive
5504,0, you were right last night about quad! she acts like she is the only one going through things in life! she has to share with her friends so that you all can be there for her!  marriedtomedicine ,not-offensive
5505,1, eric holder should be in prison. ,offensive
5506,1, omg fuck our lives sis ,offensive
5507,0,  you are awesome! ,not-offensive
5508,0,. conference is fast approaching and we will soon be heading to birmingham.  check out our programme of events below backhand index pointing downrainbowblue heart  ,not-offensive
5509,0,someone please show     this and  front and center tonight unless we get the declass out today  maga ,not-offensive
5510,0, remainers whining are also in denial about the news around the rest of  europe  read dictionary on ' democracy' ' totalitarian' ' beyrayal' ' inevitable' 'youtube' and 'over'!   brexit  eu  mbga  mega  maga  mcga  conservatives  patriots ,not-offensive
5511,0,  this is true. but man there are many in the comments thinking he is done still even under the video. ,not-offensive
5512,0,  sure do miss you sir. i ran hrc lakeland office and tried to get you your old house back. we were all devastated that night. we worked harder than any realtor you ever had for nothing but love. now fighting gun control w our parkland kids. hope lives! ,not-offensive
5513,1,   if any left leaning freak attacks me i will attack back. but so many conservatives are just compliant. happy with just bitching and complaining. how can we fire people up. the left has got energy. lots of it. and if things do not change. we are going to loose. ,offensive
5514,1,                                                  oh. low blow or blow job. laugh my ass off ,offensive
5515,0,  we must run in different twitter circles. because every time  posts about ncaa it is  maga american that comes out the woodwork in support of the status quo. ,not-offensive
5516,1, fuck off ,offensive
5517,0, as she should be. ,not-offensive
5518,1, man that shit just got me hype like i was watchin it 18 years ago ,offensive
5519,0,.🇺🇸thinking face i have been watching the committee hearings for judge kavanaugh.  is using this particular session on birth control and roe vs wade as a window to gun control legislation. her comments were very clear.    i will not allow a politician deprive me of 2a ,not-offensive
5520,0,  typical liberals. principled until it comes to their money. ,not-offensive
5521,0," god's major judgment is coming to bob woodward...thou shalt not bare false witness"""" """"let no man be deceived, god will not be mocked, for whatsoever a man sows, that he will reap"""" """"touch not my annointed  appointed trump , do them no harm"""" god is not kidding!"""" ",not-offensive
5522,0, literally runs through the wall. there was now a hole.  master! you are okay? ,not-offensive
5523,1,  is a blight on womanhood.  grow up. ,offensive
5524,1,  she can not tell her story while i was my car in the rain. yes. she is a who are her life is just that. fuck people for money. this is no exceptions ,offensive
5525,1, his mouth goes to one side all smirky and shit and i do not like it. ,offensive
5526,0,  yes she is not normal. she needs a good mental check. ,not-offensive
5527,1, who cares what a union leader has to say big kate? do you fawningly report lefty concerns  because you and the left promoting cbc r doing the trudeau liberals bidding again.you r a cbc liberal party shameful. ,offensive
5528,0,  so many conservatives are just as bad as liberals. ,not-offensive
5529,0,  antifa is hatred incarnate ,not-offensive
5530,0, is it bad that i like quetsiyah. and thought amara and silas deserved it? ,not-offensive
5531,1, 2a and putting an end to these antifa fuckwits. pardon the language ,offensive
5532,1, death to jeremy corbin by any means necessary !🤪thumbs up ,offensive
5533,1, i still can not read an analog clock like i can but it takes me like a fucking minute to process it and i can not just glance at one like a digital click ,offensive
5534,0, and democrats actually commit acts of violence a la antifa ,not-offensive
5535,0, sesamestreet’s  bert and  ernie came out of the  closet today. spox says they are a loving  couple.  conservatives incensed. rush out to buy bert and ernie dolls to burn along with their newly purchased  nike fashions.  gay  lgbtq  lgbtqtwitter  bluewave ,not-offensive
5536,0,          orwell was antifa.    ,not-offensive
5537,1, omg he is!!!!! i fucking hate dale!!!!!! ,offensive
5538,1, well iwas cool my girl do not like shit popping out at her so it scared her a little when shit popped out ,offensive
5539,0,16 shot—3 killed—friday in chicago's strictest gun control city shootings chicago´s weekend death and injury count. ,not-offensive
5540,0, he will be in the loony bin by then !!!!!!!!! ,not-offensive
5541,1, cockroach ,offensive
5542,1, wayne say he trying out do drake so this shit got to be decent at least! ,offensive
5543,0, laugh my ass off face with tears of joy man oh man she is thanking a drug addict for support ? the other guy had it right she is a story teller plain and simple! ,not-offensive
5544,1,  this pope is a dope! ,offensive
5545,0, you are the mexican venus ,not-offensive
5546,1,it is the consensus of the republican party that sexually assaulting a 15 year old girl should not disqualify a judge from sitting on the highest court in the land and making life or death decisions about women's health.    maga ,offensive
5547,1,  you do not put this much thought into antifa goons ripping downtown seattle apart every holiday ,offensive
5548,0,  sure hope he remembers the libs efforts to shaft him after he is confirmed. ,not-offensive
5549,0, it would be so nice if the trump supporters could tell us why they believe he is so great without comparing him to every criminal in the history of american politics. ,not-offensive
5550,0, would our country be able to keep its law enforcement officers safer  who are trying to keep our families safe  if gun control laws were not subject to the limitations of the 2nd amendment?  alpolitics ,not-offensive
5551,1,  according to the liberals yes!  guilty unless she proves her innocence!  wait are you a man? if so then no you can not be trusted ever! how dare you make a claim against a woman! women are above the sins of man!  we are perfect! ,offensive
5552,1, zimmerman belongs in prison for killing travon martin.  florida needs to change its gun control laws. ,offensive
5553,0,   where are the capital police? why let the leftist make a joke of our laws.  maga  arrestclintoncrimegangalready   nochainmigration  trump2020  spygate ig report proves seditious conspiracy uscode18ch115sec2384 yep 20yrs jail time ,not-offensive
5554,0, congratulations! he is so adorable ,not-offensive
5555,0, she is so proud ,not-offensive
5556,0, he is very skilledface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5557,1, you mean exactly like conservatives are attacking this current victim?? ,offensive
5558,1,  those fucking calves man drooling face ,offensive
5559,0,                                                  because of antifa. person shrugging‍female sign️ ,not-offensive
5560,1, antifa is israel's thug squad in america ,offensive
5561,0,.   we are counting on you to save the conservatives from leading this country of ours from falling off the economic precipice that grows dangerously close!!  help!! ,not-offensive
5562,0, republicans on gun control. deaths did not participate in the success of trump's economy. ,not-offensive
5563,0," well, there would not be a rush"""" if  did not sit on this allegation since july.    but, hey. do not let the facts get in the way of a good slander of conservatives, right   ",not-offensive
5564,0,  somehow i thought harambe was gone and now that big ten led silverback is out in a book tour? wonders never cease ,not-offensive
5565,0,     well said clapping handsmedium light skin toneclapping handsmedium light skin toneclapping handsmedium light skin toneclapping handsmedium light skin toneclapping handsmedium light skin toneclapping handsmedium light skin toneclapping handsmedium light skin tonethese remanics are so thick.! ,not-offensive
5566,1, brennan is a disgrace without a clearance smiling face with open mouth ,offensive
5567,0,6 people shot and killed in bakersfield and the liberals want to tweet about gun control.  chicago calls 6 people shot and killed a lunch break yet nobody tweets a word.  you can not have it both ways.  legal guns ownership vs illegal gun ownership. what is the real solution? ,not-offensive
5568,0,  you must love djt more then i doface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing you are obsessed with him. ,not-offensive
5569,0,    show me a single case where antifa have actually murdered someone.  because the far right murdered someone at charlottesville person shrugging  hypocrisy works both ways. ,not-offensive
5570,1, john kerry is a loser and a traitor to our country. he does not understand that we voted his party out bec we hated the iran deal. he is now working for iran against our gov. at worst he is acting as an agent for a foreign government and if he is not registered should be investigated ,offensive
5571,0, beto a dangerous man!  i told you a hit and run driver would stand up for you and me! its like he hit us with illegals now wants to run!  hell no! ,not-offensive
5572,1, who is the loser bitch!  laughing out loud you! fuck you  maga ,offensive
5573,0, look at the state of that. i bet she spends the weekends at antifa protests. face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5574,1,   was spreading  fakenews about  fyi.  maga ,offensive
5575,0,  they would be fired if they came out supporting trump.  twitter would probably release their addresses to that pedo group.....what is their name again.......oh yeah......antifa. ,not-offensive
5576,1,   ha ha yes fuck yes face with tears of joysmiling face with hornsred heart️ ,offensive
5577,1, releasethecures  declassifyfisa 🇺🇸  itstime  lockthemallup  wwg1wga 🇺🇸  greatawakening   winning  qanon  maga why james comey knows he is going to be indicted — 9 14 18   youtube ,offensive
5578,1,  is not the nra that propaganda pushing corporate lobby group that cares about profits and only profits? no idea who the rest of these crackpots are. that guy looks like he has an ar15 stuck up his ass. ,offensive
5579,0,  also he is not even accused of rape. ,not-offensive
5580,0, all of them! face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5581,0, steven wilson is coming back to ny in december! i can not wait! he is one favorite  live  performers! hope all is well. ,not-offensive
5582,0, he is a cutie ,not-offensive
5583,1," hallo please find the unroll here  thread by  1. moore's failure to deal with the foul smear against him, is a good example of how the new rules could apply. the firs  … """"  fakenews  maga see you soon. robot face"""" ",offensive
5584,0, that image tells the story of generations of people self medicating to manage distress. can not count the number of people lost and like you say too many can not see beyond the sickening labels. ,not-offensive
5585,1,    i know. i think they are the ones who will be surprised about that since they think all liberals want to make gun ownership illegal. ,offensive
5586,0,   i want gun control as a student but as a person of color i have to keep myself armed i will be taking gun lessons away from the nra because i know how despicable and evil they are. i wish there was a simple answer to guns. gun control does not work when we are a checker board. ,not-offensive
5587,0, crush  antifa. that is all. ,not-offensive
5588,0,". rubberstamp  calls for  'conservatives'    republicans who have left her sycophant party coup  'to keep the house' . laughable. we do not want nancy pelosi as speaker,"""" regurgitates   fbr  resistance   via  ",not-offensive
5589,1, beto the clown who supports the kneeling nfl thugs ,offensive
5590,0,   exactly! fred guttenberg’s entire mission is for “gun control” and feinstein will do anything for a dollar. both are on a mission to change backhand index pointing rightlegislation in favor of taking guns from law abiding americans. how is his whole stance not political? ,not-offensive
5591,1, agree. that is hatred beyond compare. her feeling of bitterness of the duterte presidency and its success is evident on her tweets and articles. 2016 was really a slap on the face on the “yellow intellectuals” . ,offensive
5592,1,"  indoctrinated sheep programmed to believe everything  msm  propaganda tells you to.. the left are the nutcases."""" acting stupid in a senate hearing, antifa. hate filled"""" ",offensive
5593,0,...and then there is this    trumparmy🇺🇸copyright   allvetsradio  voc  thebrooksbrownheavy check mark️  magared heart️🇺🇸         ,not-offensive
5594,0, um because she is?????? ,not-offensive
5595,0, you are welcome. thumbs up ,not-offensive
5596,0,    please do not confuse liberals with factsrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
5597,0, he is in jail ,not-offensive
5598,0, what about this woman  .funny i do not see liberals fighting for her... ,not-offensive
5599,0,  antifa tribute song   ,not-offensive
5600,1, well if trumpster said it then it must be true he also have himself a 10 on handling cuba hurricane sad piece of something he is... ,offensive
5601,0,3rd time in my teacher career that I have had a parent tell me that he she is praying for me. i always consider that a win clapping handslight skin toneclapping handslight skin tone  teacherlife  prayalloftheprayers ,not-offensive
5602,1, seems hard to believe that you stood next to a guy wearing those shorts and did not masturbate but I will take your word for it ,offensive
5603,1," joebiden calls trump supporters dregs of society.  biden organized a coup in  ukraine. his son steals  b from ukrainian people as they leave their country in search of jobs.   maga  potus    zog"""" ",offensive
5604,1, she is one of those ‘kooky’ liberals. ,offensive
5605,0,   which is funny because that is exactly what the problematic members of antifa  an officially recognized terrorist group  want. ,not-offensive
5606,0, gun control does not stop violence either ,not-offensive
5607,0,must read backhand index pointing down  maga ,not-offensive
5608,0, just like the gun control poster child david hogge. you do not hear from him anymore. one and done ,not-offensive
5609,0, i thought they turned into antifa? ,not-offensive
5610,0, tell me did restoring your computer to an earlier date correct your problem you were having ? ,not-offensive
5611,0, corrupt period...smiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyesoncoming fistmedium skin toneoncoming fistmedium skin tonelast week you liberals were saying he will not release because he has something to hide smiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes of boy you pple those pple  that depend on an actor for info wow! you pple scare me is it green today or is it yellow face with tears of joyexclamation question mark️ ,not-offensive
5612,1,  just saw it. still vague though. he does not confirm if he is done or not though. ,offensive
5613,0,  i do not know where you get your facts or if you are making them up but give it up man! ,not-offensive
5614,1,     here is your boy smoking marijuana and hanging out with a pornstar and escort girl and paying the people that keep her a slave to be his slave. he is insane ,offensive
5615,1,   saul does not suffer fools. and he is impatient with people who are too lazy to read and learn. ,offensive
5616,1,"  i let it go when you said  we can take away their ammo"""" when talking about gun control. i said, maybe she just blurted that out, did not mean it. but you are proving to be a leftist. that is fine, i can still like you, but i do not trust you anymore."""" ",offensive
5617,0, there are not many instances I have been in where you can just admire the woman's physique. if i spend too long looking at a woman's bits it all comes into question. porn allows an up close personal experience for as long as i like with no challenges. except of course getting caught ,not-offensive
5618,0, she does not want to play to other children or adult unless she lives with them. she help everyone in the house whatever task there is to do. she speaks clearly and turning 2 this september. her excuse always when there is a guest in the house she is shy. no one influenced her. ,not-offensive
5619,1,    so he is misogynistic because his opinion is different?? i guess that makes you a bigot! ,offensive
5620,0, I am sure many of us conservatives will remember your participation in the overriding of our constitutional right and will never vote for any of this so called government the one that flaunts or laws and court system ,not-offensive
5621,0, i think the last thing on the wh or trump's mind is april ryan. she needs to stop flattering herself. she is not as important as she thinks she is. ,not-offensive
5622,0,  he should face a jury instead of the pope!!! ,not-offensive
5623,0, she is the evolve form. ,not-offensive
5624,0, do you recall what was said about moss when the patriots got him? do you even remember what he did in the few years before that? gordon is not a hall of famer but name a 5th rounder as good as he is today. ,not-offensive
5625,0,tonight  exposing the truth behind the accusations targeting supreme court pick brett kavanaugh. also  hurricane florence damage totals rise in concert with the floodwaters and the blatant congressional republican betrayal that could cost them the election  maga  tcot  kag ,not-offensive
5626,1," so funny, this was labeled as sensitive media""""!!   yet, people post porn on twitter all the time. unfiltered"""" ",offensive
5627,0, be gone thot  no offence intended she is probably a very nice ladyslightly smiling face  ,not-offensive
5628,0, nowplaying water slider by she is summer ,not-offensive
5629,0,  he would say that.... he is running scared!!  and so he should be! ,not-offensive
5630,1, that is messed up.  walkaway congresswoman m. waters has zero control of her demon within. that is what happens when she and other stupid a    greedy folks willfully submit their souls to the devil. satan was defeated again in 2016.   americafirst  maga  ,offensive
5631,0, you are not the true columbia bugle. gfy ,not-offensive
5632,0,  because he was and is!  he is the one who responded so quickly to what we know now was a false flag attack caused by the deep state!  president trump could not have picked a better lawyer.  they have everything!   qanon  neverforget  maga ,not-offensive
5633,0, does not seem like hollywood has too many independent thinkers. ,not-offensive
5634,0, love the liberals that troll ann coulter. ,not-offensive
5635,1," liberals sure love to spend other people's money !!!!!!  hope and change""""  really works well for the obamas who are multi millionaires.  their fortunes have really changed for the better !!!!!!  if liberals have any brain cells left, they would vote for president trump !"""" ",offensive
5636,1, she is by far the most pretentious little try hard housemate in there this year. so cringeworthy.  bbuk ,offensive
5637,0, carrey is truly mentally ill.  he is completely disturbed with no concept of reality. ,not-offensive
5638,0, the  metoo movement has turned out just the way black lives matter and antifa turned out. started out as a worthy because and then ruined by a bunch of bandwagonists. more harm than good. ,not-offensive
5639,0,  he is probably dying due to dog fumesface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5640,0,   and that is why you are a sheep. you think that fox it is viewers which would make up mostly republicans conservatives are all rich?? ,not-offensive
5641,0,   why should not we be surprised when someone who promotes antifa violence in public is suddenly accused of violence domestic violence etc?!!? ,not-offensive
5642,0,   just fabric not a flag. and she is ok! i love patriotism. ,not-offensive
5643,0,   grocery store joe is the best contestant to ever grace bachelor nation. he is adorably awkward and has a thick chicago accent. ,not-offensive
5644,1,  he is a man who allowed the wife of one of his coaches to be abused for years while he covered it up. and threw everyone including his own wife under the bus to help himself when all of his lies  he never thought anyone would know came out. he is a total pos ,offensive
5645,0,  saw you on hannity last night. want you to know i love your dad and know everything he has sacrificed for us. he is to me the greatest president in my lifetime and in modern history. i so wish i could tell him. i would probably ugly cry though. he is a godsend to this country. ,not-offensive
5646,0, she is a skrull. enemy of the kree. the kree are who gave carol her powers and whose uniform she is wearing in the first few moments of the trailer. ,not-offensive
5647,0, are you really michael moore or are you rosie in “drag” ,not-offensive
5648,1, where is the gun control crowd now that illegal immigrants are waltzing into our country heavily armed ,offensive
5649,0,  by the way   guns are inanimate objects ... it is the evil soul behind it that pulls the trigger.    ,not-offensive
5650,0,  tucker carlson is not an idiot.  he knows exactly what he is doing.  that makes him malicious. ,not-offensive
5651,0, hmmmmm 🧐🧐 no one is doing anything so maybe do not change pitchers every batter.  also if he is this genius maybe he should realize this team peaked a month ago. ,not-offensive
5652,1, I am frothing over all of it so far.. drooling facedrooling face ..the goodest shit. smirking face ,offensive
5653,0,wow  new petition demands keith ellison’s accusers be allowed to testify before congress god bless trump! 4ever  maga  kag  deepstate  walkaway  redwave2018    .. via  ,not-offensive
5654,0,19. probably john adams. I would love a chance to talk to a founding father and ask them about gun control. ,not-offensive
5655,1, she is not an anti trump. she is a racist race baiter who is no better than alex jones and other crazies ,offensive
5656,0, done! ,not-offensive
5657,0,    do the trade ,not-offensive
5658,1,20. close ties w nra and funding more imp than people's lives and sensible gun control  21. attempting to defend planned parenthood whilst at same time rolling back intelligent sex education and replacing with abstinence only teachings which is just fucking stupid  ,offensive
5659,0, dude.. why r you trolling ash rock z? grinning face with smiling eyes.. he is our guy.. just in a hurry to see bjp govt in state. ,not-offensive
5660,0, did we hear from mccain from beyond as well? ,not-offensive
5661,0, nove  reputationtour for  pcas  theconcerttour ,not-offensive
5662,1, face with tears of joy nigga hit them wit the of well lowkie ,offensive
5663,0, guilt by association i see. a great tactic by spineless anti white liberals. ,not-offensive
5664,0,elizabeth warren fundraises off sexual misconduct allegation against kavanaugh via  ,not-offensive
5665,0,  i guess he needs to learn gun control. ,not-offensive
5666,0, agree. people forgetting how good he is. ,not-offensive
5667,0,       universal background checks and an assault weapons ban would absolutely change things. I am for swedish style gun control  did you know the swedes are big hunters?  but berniecrats only want swedish style healthcare. ,not-offensive
5668,1,a bitch built like that could beat my ass all she wants ,offensive
5669,1,    laughing out loud she is such a troll i am so glad she went away and all you trump supporters told her to gtfo. thank god we got a real superstar in  who is going to actually fight for everyone no matter who they choose to vote for. is not she awesome! please join us we rly need  your help! ,offensive
5670,0,  hurray! all hard core liberals in the light liberal party. ,not-offensive
5671,1,  they probably shutdown the  website because of the death threats. if she votes yes she will most likely get lots of support from  maga voters. ,offensive
5672,1, it is not a right mind. if it were they would not be conservatives. ,offensive
5673,1, frankly i hate that argument. gun control. healthcare. student loans. tax policy. climate change. social security. medicare. even car emissions and mileage. there is a clear difference on each and every policy. ,offensive
5674,1,  ca has inadequate gun control. ,offensive
5675,0, republican dominated chamber of commerce will not let him. just like nra ties his hands in any gun control. he would like us to think he is in charge of everything. ,not-offensive
5676,0,                     antifa  the brain child of the democrats.  democratshateamerica  democrats  antifa ,not-offensive
5677,0,          sexist...could be a crazy gentlewoman  lulz ,not-offensive
5678,0," wow. that is still tall for an 11 year old. my son is in the 91st percentile for height at 13yo     he is exactly 5'8 but wears a size 8.5 shoe."""" ",not-offensive
5679,0,  alec we been knew you are problematic just get over it ,not-offensive
5680,0,   do not have anything to do with trump or any conservatives. refuse to trade with them in business ,not-offensive
5681,1, obama  wall will not keep terrorists away. same obama  gun control will prevent killings by criminals  and terrorists?   walkaway ,offensive
5682,0,58 factory workers massacred in salt lake city with intratec mac 11. the nra blames gun control laws. ,not-offensive
5683,0,20 crazy things liberals blame trump for via  ,not-offensive
5684,1, reading this thread it sure seems like your followers are not for gun control after all jimmy face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
5685,0, it is true and she is so valid ,not-offensive
5686,0, boom  maybe that book deal is not such a good idea?  fisadeclassification  maga  qanon  trustsessions wow the corruption runs deep.  ,not-offensive
5687,0,  actually what caused these tragedies is failure of having gun control! you have got to remember that there are a bunch of people in this country that could do so many things to harm people. ,not-offensive
5688,1,  he worries about “antifa” while he invites and poses for pics with known neonazis. smdh ,offensive
5689,0, cat fight ,not-offensive
5690,0,  you are not god and you have no idea who he is. god does not say we can not like people in fact i feel he sent us trump in answer to our prayers ,not-offensive
5691,1, well she is better looking than the lying chicks lawyer ,offensive
5692,1, blame trump for the weather and the corruption that existed for decades in pr. what an ass typical democratic ,offensive
5693,0, and let us hope it just gets a lot worse ,not-offensive
5694,1,  in the criminal world of the democrats and liberals this is exactly how it works!! ,offensive
5695,0, “yes you are.. ” ,not-offensive
5696,1, so then your saying the  platform of gun control and reform is nothing for them to worry about? kind of like  kavanaugh is going to kill women and gays? ,offensive
5697,0,                                                  how about showing patterns of intent. the march in charlottesville. that is a perfect example of patterns of intent.  where is that proof with antifa? where did they go purposely to denounce black people in america? ,not-offensive
5698,0,it is good that  is taking a page out of  book by hiring more high power woman in leadership roles. if only he was as good of a leader as  potus45 maybe the  mavericks would not be in the position they are now.  markcuban  metoo  maga ,not-offensive
5699,1, i love you bitchhh i are not never going to stop loving you.... bitchhhhhh ,offensive
5700,1, me and bronbron are cool now. it is ok if he eat ass  lakergang ,offensive
5701,1, gun control . . . means being to hit what your aiming at! these elderly homeowner have great gun control! ,offensive
5702,0," entire audience""""  yeah, that is solid reporting.  lol."""" ",not-offensive
5703,0, and it is not that the legal profession is somehow biased towards conservatives! the federalist society exists because conservative were not well fostered in the profession! ,not-offensive
5704,0,  police are priority for funding!    our country is overrun with crime. degrees of lawlessness in  unitedkingdom ,not-offensive
5705,1,   trudeau’s liberals have no rules ! time to oust them! ,offensive
5706,1,  trump is a fucking asshole and if you think otherwise then your an idiot. my friends in pr were hurt. you are the one that needs to get educated. i educate myself everyday i talk to them everyday. so stfu ,offensive
5707,0,  man of steel  ok   batman v superman  ok   suicide squad  boring   justice league  bad  pensive face person facepalming‍male sign️   reboot. keep wonder woman as she is. do something with time travel or altered timelines or something. ,not-offensive
5708,0,                                      I am not sure if he is really on a low carb diet. most hospitals do not carry low carb muffins lol. ,not-offensive
5709,0,                        why would that matter to a bug? seems that you are having some kind of mental attack or something. maybe you should ask for help. ,not-offensive
5710,0,      I am going to send an american wolf after those antifa commies and alt right fascists. ,not-offensive
5711,0,"   the you and your liberals""""... wow... you do not even try, do you?"""" ",not-offensive
5712,0, . she is my life saverred heart. ,not-offensive
5713,0, she is not wrong tho. some tunisians look like italians ,not-offensive
5714,0,   see she is the sweetest! ,not-offensive
5715,0,               so you joined up with antifa? because they more align with your values? ,not-offensive
5716,0,   are you pro choice? are you pro   aca? are you for reasonable gun control? where can we find  your stand on issues? ,not-offensive
5717,1,  she will have a total mental breakdown when he is re elected!!!! ,offensive
5718,0,judge nap  get ready for another version of clarence thomas anita hill hearings this is  theliberalway stop the pathetic lying  dems   maga ,not-offensive
5719,1, good bitch!!! the hood missed you face with tears of joy crazy thing is i just was saying how them smoke out by your house used to be lit everyday ,offensive
5720,1, conway say it louder for your fellow  maga trumpkins because they are the horrible peiple insulting her! ,offensive
5721,0,  it is laughable that you parade china with its shocking human rights record. in china extreme gun control only meant death for millions of chinese citizens at the hands of the state ... the history is well known. ,not-offensive
5722,0,  there you go! an this is different how?  maga ,not-offensive
5723,0,"ed rendell says dems will retake house by 10 to 20 seats""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
5724,0, and i have a bridge to sell you.... face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5725,0, sorry you are feeling sick hope you get better soon. ,not-offensive
5726,0, i like to see them try. antifa is listed as domestic terrorism. they should be glad they do not live in the czech republic. ,not-offensive
5727,0,analysis | devin nunes explains ‘antifa’ and ‘all of these riots’  ‘we are winning’   the washington post ⁦  traitor  votehimout  ,not-offensive
5728,0,    i love that a graphic novels shelf was a priority   you are a most excellent librarian clapping handsclapping handsclapping hands ,not-offensive
5729,0, confident trump would never be elected. ,not-offensive
5730,1,  hyt enemy of the people ,offensive
5731,0,"50  of the refugees coming into canada, for all the pms handouts already have legal status in us,  therefore not refugees  but they still come and happily as the liberals welcome them with canadian... ",not-offensive
5732,0,  sorry howie she is horrible. i have been to vegas multiple times and know the people whom spend their hard earned money for a vacation are not going to waste said money on a scrawny kid whom will scream them into a migraine!! they come to vegas to see real talent! agtresults  agt ,not-offensive
5733,0,  so you say. when you are older you may understand. what anyone believes is quite irrelevant  as you yourself are asserting. ,not-offensive
5734,1,  you are an embarrassing citizen!! ,offensive
5735,0,  she is the ceo of atmos research and consulting she profits by spreading gloom and telling cities how they can combat climate change snake oil salesmen are cheaper on taxpayers ,not-offensive
5736,0,  loool. it is see no evil monkey he is half jamaican is not he? does he resonate more with african culture? i know the rest of you are african. it is just that i did not feel there was a strong representation from anyone caribbean to be able to share their thoughts on a caribbean carnival that is all. ,not-offensive
5737,0, he is right. ,not-offensive
5738,1,   how is it you had a document that all those women signed if you did not know anything about the accusation. sounds to me a cover up was planned. you are a disgrace to the office you hold ,offensive
5739,0, call these outsiders out. most of these comments and likes come from liberals in other states trying to swing elections in wisconsin. shine the light on who and what they are.   scott walker has been a target of theirs since his first governor election. we got this! let us do it! ,not-offensive
5740,0,   mom says finish up those antifa posters and get upstairs. dinner's ready. ,not-offensive
5741,0, he is ,not-offensive
5742,0,   oh yeah do you? trust me give it 3 weeks and you will be begging for jameis. fitzmagic turns fitztragic quick. I am a jets fan take my word and thebills word he is fools gold ,not-offensive
5743,0,   metoo  resistance  blm  antifa  kaepernick all nothing but false outrage. ,not-offensive
5744,0,  loool rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy   purple heart  you are playing waaaay too rough here. skull   i can not stop stop sign laughing face with tears of joy  thankyou ,not-offensive
5745,1,  find a voice? the voice they have is their choice to say no to having unprotected sex ... it is not just pregnancy women need to worry about it is stds and hiv also ... being responsible for your sexual safety is important ... in the age of  metoo you should already know this. ,offensive
5746,1, and there is more murder gun deaths in states with strictest gun control. so how ignorant does that fact make you ,offensive
5747,1, it is not wrongfully characterizing. it is the fucking truth and you guys are just to ignorant to see it. ,offensive
5748,0, we love you kayla and we are glad you are okay ,not-offensive
5749,1, fuck it. just do it haha ,offensive
5750,1,  if this yutz was any dumber she would have to be watered twice a week! ,offensive
5751,1,  gfy ...the nfl should get no protection from the police...and no support from our military...the league will slowly die on this road of shame!!! ,offensive
5752,0, she is also the rocks wife ,not-offensive
5753,1, i think michelle spilled democrats plans for civil war.. liberals are lunatics ,offensive
5754,0,"   i linked to an article showing you why you are wrong. you are telling libertarians and conservatives"""" aka the right what they supposedly believe. I am not bigoted, it is just a pattern I have noticed that never seems to be wrong."""" ",not-offensive
5755,0, unless he is a contortionist. face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5756,0,  so a cop kills someone and this becomes a gun control issue? ,not-offensive
5757,1, that is why they lobbied the government to ban reaserch funded bye the cdc that could be used to argue for gun control. guns in the home do not make you safer. quite the opposite. ,offensive
5758,1, you are such a losing democrat....no one believes what you say...you speak well but part of crooked democrats....pers trump has done more for the usa than any other president put together....loser ,offensive
5759,0,  i think she is lying about that too.  i have seen no threats and i have seen a thousand comments and articles on this story. ,not-offensive
5760,0,  as suspected this is about derailing judge kavanaugh’s confirmation because he is a conservative and will adhere to the constitution and the law. he is not an activist judge which is what they want. ,not-offensive
5761,1, amazing that the dems are always the ones who hear the whistle. ,offensive
5762,0,cory booker and the democratic party of kkk's robert byrd  pjnet  maga  trumptrain  trumptrain2020  corybooker  maga  kag  keepamericagreat  presidenttrump tw352 ,not-offensive
5763,1, beto also wants open borders so illegals can come an go as they please an also more gun control espically on semiautomatic weapons... betonotfortexas ,offensive
5764,0, there already is gun control tho... ,not-offensive
5765,0, this is actually a bad argument considering that conservatives stood by clarence thomas too. ,not-offensive
5766,0, he is a sick puppy. normal teen boys do not attempt rape. it is predatory behavior. he prob did it more than once. this is not isolated behavior. ,not-offensive
5767,0,   our african 🇺🇸 friends do not get free college. the demoncratic are putting illegals over 🇺🇸 ppl. these antifa ninja turtles running around acting like jihadist and never lived a real life experience. most of these antifa colleges kids are white privileged themselves. ,not-offensive
5768,0, fk that ,not-offensive
5769,0, dino you are preaching the truth right now! tell the masses where it is at !!!! ,not-offensive
5770,1,    her word against his and one more! she is a left wing nut nobody would touch and is mad because  kavenaughs mom had to evict her parents! ,offensive
5771,0, you are amazing! ,not-offensive
5772,0, no he can not because losss of service time during suspensions he is subject to waivers ,not-offensive
5773,0,feinstein refuses to follow protocol re   kavanaugh situation. that proves it was a  democrat bully tactic to smear the candidate and delay proceedings and  or get him to withdraw. sick of it!  walkaway   maga ,not-offensive
5774,0, omgflushed face!!!!! he is???????? ,not-offensive
5775,1, yet this kids in chicago killing each other daily because you doing so much good in your home state with gun control right? ,offensive
5776,1,. just read that flaming pile of garbage you wrote and the national review calls an article. why are liberals losing their minds when the president is being investigated for collusion with a foreign government?! why is he nominating anyone for a supreme court appt? ,offensive
5777,0, looks like selling her sole to the hater liberals is now weighing heavy on her. they are now wondering is upping the money transfer to her will work. ,not-offensive
5778,1, god the media using criminals as heros to push for gun control ,offensive
5779,0, easy for the elites to escape the hell the country would be when leftest policies are in force. take their private jets home beyond their golden secured walls. ,not-offensive
5780,0,                                                 hahaha by telling me to stfu?  so hurt rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
5781,1,   listen here lady my tweet was about the fact that I am sick of hearing about trump every time i listen to news.  idk where the fuck you get off trying to spin it in to some sort of racial situation!  you are part of the problem. stop turning shit in to something it is not. ,offensive
5782,1, where did you dig this one from? she is dope sha ,offensive
5783,0,"  she is now going to the neurorealist crowd to complain that she just wants to be inclusive and that the nd community is attacking her for being white""""."""" ",not-offensive
5784,0,               do not we all! folded hands ,not-offensive
5785,0, he said he is thrilled to be a part of the  ownership group! ,not-offensive
5786,0, do not forget my girl hillary she is doing the happy dance tonightface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5787,1,  megumi I am sorry i asked to see your tits ,offensive
5788,0, she is you are not ,not-offensive
5789,1, because obama has zero accomplishments. he is the worst president r leader of any country hands down. it shows the liberal lunacy when they worship a total loser. they do not know what they want..no party goals. nothing except complain about trumps accomplishments. fu*k liberals. ,offensive
5790,0, did gutierrez go help? or is he just a blow heart ,not-offensive
5791,0, thank you!! I am finally at the point where I am okay with using heat on it again I am so happy ,not-offensive
5792,0, ahhh how the left punishes it is soldiers. today is your last day=do not forget your 6 million dollar goodbye check. thanks for supporting the because. ,not-offensive
5793,0, rino rauner has severely failed illinois. touting his “turn around agenda” he gave us nothing but his “turn coat agenda”. illinois conservatives not have one choice  vote  for state experience! ,not-offensive
5794,0,  another example of the “when they go low we go high” lying liberals.  conservatives are experts at enduring their escapades and voting the right person in anyway.  this is so predictable now it is like a dance. ,not-offensive
5795,1,"  laughing out loud these are exciting times..."""" god he is the worst"""" ",offensive
5796,0,   he is a good man. ,not-offensive
5797,0,   as long as the democrats tout gun control as a crime reduction tactic they will lose. ,not-offensive
5798,1,and there we go ... so according to the maga believers kavanaugh  could not have attempted to rape dr. ford because her lawyer made a donation to  . idiots ,offensive
5799,1, i used to do signifing monkey by heart. played it for the wife and she is like what the hell? ,offensive
5800,0, legally you need to take 15 min break every 2 hours and a lunch after 4 if you stream for more than 5 hours laughing out loud if you stream for more than 10 hours you are required to take a second lunch before the 10th hour ,not-offensive
5801,0,       there is no hope for you and jerry. unbelievable how close minded you are. ,not-offensive
5802,0,               you are about to get on the map!  this safety is legit!        ,not-offensive
5803,1, vote no on kavanaugh. he has committed perjury. he has dodgy financials. he thinks the president is above the law. he thinks contraceptives are abortion inducing drugs. he is too extreme for the sc. ,offensive
5804,1, damn right .if you think any different then your part of the problem with this country .thank god we have a president who puts  america  first instead of putting illigal aliens ahead of americans . ,offensive
5805,1, it does which sucks but honestly at least i can mute all the instances full of weirdos and just scope fed local it is a treat ,offensive
5806,0, he is correct ,not-offensive
5807,1, it does not go far enough. jr. you are going to jail....treason.... ,offensive
5808,0,              great list. ty. just a heads up. i only fb maga profiles. please update your profile if i have not followed you back. let us maga! ,not-offensive
5809,0,  how many antifa are out there? do they have classes on being an antifa member now at schools? ,not-offensive
5810,0,                                                 jealousy rears its ugly face...i am favored and blessed my girls adore me winking face and so does god. ,not-offensive
5811,1,pigeon girl can also send pigeons to poop on all maga hats. ,offensive
5812,0, and that was all done before i was 25 younger then this moron at 18 i was at parris island and at 25 i was at the new jersey state police academy for a municipal class for 14 weeks she was tending bar at 25 and listening to all her drinking customers she is a joke ,not-offensive
5813,0,      you missed the point. you do not like being called a white supremecists because you support trump. so please do not generalize that all dems support antifa and violence. ,not-offensive
5814,1, who tf this white devil jersey shore bitch? ,offensive
5815,1, he is way more creepier and says way more stupid things ,offensive
5816,1, deepstate      you are going down!  maga  redwaverising  redwave  walkawayfromdemocrats  walkaway  walkawaymarch  make this viral ,offensive
5817,0, of course you are!! ,not-offensive
5818,0,  trump has not given up anything.  he is profiting from his office and basking in the power and attention. ,not-offensive
5819,1, fortunately the rest of america is not the swamp in washington. washington is the worst place to decide what is good for america. ,offensive
5820,0,  you know the university can withdraw its certificate if they feel like you are disgracing them right? so even if you have graduated you should still not disrespect the school. ,not-offensive
5821,0, good luck  ... not ,not-offensive
5822,0, amen.............. ,not-offensive
5823,0,   i do not understand why conservatives place so much faith on having a majority conservative in scotus...we have forgotten than we have had 8 1 and 6 3 up there and roe v. wade was not overturned. ,not-offensive
5824,0, did they think it was going to get better ,not-offensive
5825,0,13 teachers and students blasted in wisconsin with 12 gauge winchester 1300 pump action shotgun. the nra blames gun control laws. ,not-offensive
5826,1,       maybe stop attacking conservatives and you might find they do not retaliate. ,offensive
5827,0,there is only one reason why christine blasey ford will not testify against kavanaugh  despite her serious allegations.  she can not testify under oath. she will be a willing dem  but does not want to perjure herself.  less than 60 days until nov election   potus  trump  maga  kag  news ,not-offensive
5828,0, radicalism like supporting socialism ?? like antifa smashing windows and rioting ? can you be more specific ?? ,not-offensive
5829,0, almost gets the pick 6  darn flag. grinning face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
5830,0,*she is at home making a quick meal for herself in the off chance that  and  have already eaten* ,not-offensive
5831,0,   what do you think 'gun control' is all about then? it cannot be about saving lives because it has been proven over and over again that the only sure way to protect people from bad guys with guns is having good guys with guns to fend them off! ,not-offensive
5832,1,   we all have concerns about the democrats' disgusting behavior and disrespect for this country and our constitution of the united states and the violation of your oath to citizens and our constitution. ,offensive
5833,0,. is trying to negotiate a deal that satisfies the  she can not achieve it.  . would negotiate a deal for the country.  it is time for this coalition of chaos to fall.  . is ready to serve in the interests of the many not the few! ,not-offensive
5834,0, this is madness   this is when you know you are going down the same route as venezuela!!! he is going to turn that sovereign fund into a personal piggy bank ,not-offensive
5835,0, it is your opinion but mine is he is the best in the country ,not-offensive
5836,0, democrats are getting everything they deserve. ,not-offensive
5837,1,   we have a stupid problem. conservatives do not just hate studies by smart people   smart people suck  that show data  data schmata  and facts   fakenews  but just being near one can turn somebody into a nitwit.  cdnpoli ,offensive
5838,0, she is the cutest ever!!! loudly crying faceloudly crying face thank you honey!!! ,not-offensive
5839,0,  like sensible gun control policies? ,not-offensive
5840,0,"6. since he was only six year old he wanted to be the only one ... world champion and now he is forever. at the last seven or eight laps he was crying like ... we were all crying like a girl and he was crying in his radio in his car !  and """" although limited to a review of"""" ",not-offensive
5841,0, the real gun control issue. ,not-offensive
5842,0,"why the world should not expect america to go back to ‘normal’ after trump""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
5843,0,   everyone muted you ...  thanks for working for free face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy   maga ,not-offensive
5844,0, indeed he is. ,not-offensive
5845,1,  probably have their violent liberal antifa in full force showing us just how much they really care about any humans. nope I will never fall for their fake sympathy garbage as long as they pay to have strangers beat to a pulp by kkk hooded thugs. never! ,offensive
5846,0,                  i make a deliberate choice not to discuss my lived experience of social security and any work and solidarity   with people affected. ,not-offensive
5847,0,  they are really upset about this election loss. ,not-offensive
5848,0, beto i’m100 fundedbynyandhollywoodleftistsbutpretendingtobeatexan of’rourke.  keeptexasred ,not-offensive
5849,0, i hope they will let cem in america for now until  zeyal gets back together. so when he gets back alihan can proudly show off she is off limit face with tears of joy  yasakelma ,not-offensive
5850,0, cross them of the list.... ,not-offensive
5851,0,this is what revenge lies like!   kavanaugh  maga     ,not-offensive
5852,1,  why do not you release names of all our elected officials that have paid for silence for sexual assault claims done while in office with the fund designated for paying off claims  ford does not know how got home. maybe attack if happened was by who took her home.   ,offensive
5853,0," the only white people that thank jesus are republicans and ex crackheads""""   so say america hating liberals about christians. many ex dems thank jesus too  and many former emmys watchers. we thank jesus daily for our country, our  and the ability to turn you off!  ",not-offensive
5854,0,  i love you kady you are the real mvp here ,not-offensive
5855,0, i figured it out! randd face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
5856,1, he is useless.   i hope he has plenty paper towels. why can not he act like a grown up??? ,offensive
5857,0,"john kerry should be made to answer for his meetings in iran""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
5858,1,  the stinking media says antifa and code pink are black radicals...every one i ever saw was a racist white democrat and they blame their violence on blacks.....bad stuff ,offensive
5859,1, yes bitch sparkling heartbeating heart ,offensive
5860,0,  yes he is. ,not-offensive
5861,1,all trump's and pense 2020 merch is being made is china and not the usa.    ...maga ??    votethemout2018   trumpsarmy ,offensive
5862,1, actually it seems more specific than that. it appears the cbc is saying opposing gun control is the same as covering up child molestation in the catholic church. wtf?? ,offensive
5863,0, monster is the place to find jobs near you. these companies are hiring right now! your future could change when you fill out an application   ld ,not-offensive
5864,1, why are you talking?  you have zero credibility with anyone!  you lied to the  and you lied to america. slither back under your rock!  your wife said you were going to be “the john dean” of the scandal  you are “the george costanza”  liar ,offensive
5865,1, that is fucking gross. ,offensive
5866,1, better hurry she is pretty old ,offensive
5867,0,lebron amazing swallow clear beat deplorables can not believe  maga scott adams ,not-offensive
5868,0, she is with stormy ,not-offensive
5869,0, see i told you!!!!!! she is despicable!!!!!!!!!!!! ,not-offensive
5870,0,actually i avoid purple because everyone loves it and I am addicted to pissing people off. i also detest the color purple. ,not-offensive
5871,0,  cry a river trump won ,not-offensive
5872,0,  he is is always the victim ,not-offensive
5873,0, privat just means between b xvi and the cardinal. agree though he should not be out and about. should be in seclusion for the 'prayer nd meditation' and only private mass. nuncio was making molehill into mountain for the old guard of conservatives to oust francis. ,not-offensive
5874,1, yes you are stalking. that is what a weirdo would do. if my tweets over video games hurt your feelings then go ahead and block me. laughing out loud ,offensive
5875,1,understand the meaning of america by reading creating the declaration of independence by  and share your knowledge of the american creed with your fellow citizens.  maga  kag     ,offensive
5876,0,    you are correct ,not-offensive
5877,1,  crookedhillary are you drunk again?  go back to bed granny. trumptrain  maga  deplorables  dregofsociety ,offensive
5878,0,  we are the judge dredd's of our nation.  tuesdaymorning  wednesdaywisdom  wednesdaymotivation  wednesdaymorning  maga  kag   makeamericagreatagain  keepamericagreat  americafirst  2a  2adefenders when libtard democrats call you..viaright arrow   twt  ,not-offensive
5879,1,  unfortunately gun control is long game and the house always wins. ,offensive
5880,0,*** to be destroyed 09 08 18 ***  we do not have a back story on friendly glorious....she is a sweet young lady who may just need a little time to decompress and feel confident. please help her tonight!! … ,not-offensive
5881,0,  he is so beautiful! ,not-offensive
5882,0, and it was hillary by a landslide i think???? do not believe polls ,not-offensive
5883,0, best news of the day ,not-offensive
5884,1, all this tape proves is that  was always out to get a paycheck and to sabotage the one person who actually gave her a chance.  who tape records conversations in the white house??? only someone looking to sell it later. she is a snake ,offensive
5885,0,              he may not be a texan but he is certainly shaping the dem party for the better. ,not-offensive
5886,0,   soy boy is a slur against liberals. i was not calling you anything. ,not-offensive
5887,1,    do not feel sorry for her. she is so greedy she even hides her patreon amount and dumb kids keep donating for watching her playing games and whispering into a mic. ,offensive
5888,1,maybe he was smart enough to get on the  trumptrain and tired of getting run over by it! unlike you and your sycophants.. ,offensive
5889,1,   the deception and dirty tricks happened when  refused protocol and stole a scotus seat from obama.  conservatives love to fight dirty but then cry foul when others call them on it or play hardball right back at them.  bunch of pussies.   merrickgarland   resist ,offensive
5890,0,      then talk to your oresident.  he is the one taking the money. ,not-offensive
5891,0, maryland remember to vote  rednovember 6th.  we need to put conservatives in house and senate to  kag and end gov't corruption in washington.  we want to keep economy booming and keep our jobs. ,not-offensive
5892,0,                 at millfield lecturing the students about what? the evolving dependent tax and migrant party? ,not-offensive
5893,1," . calls you an intellectual prostitute"""" because he knows that you are smarter and more intellectual than he."""" ",offensive
5894,1, he should be talking about the chinese leader seeing they pollute the most. ,offensive
5895,0,      yes i do! a lot of us that support stricter gun control are absolutely opposed to having all guns banned. i myself am a responsible gun owner who is capable of *also* recognizing that we do not need civilian ownership these other guns.  compromise clearly is not your strong suit. ,not-offensive
5896,1, holder should have been removed and jailed years ago. ,offensive
5897,1, our great state has been flooded with illegal immigrants and liberals  from blue states looking for work. then these dumba  es vote democrat!?!!! go figure. all insane. ,offensive
5898,1,  we do not support gun control in texas.  so long beto! ,offensive
5899,0," dtmag gabby giffords’ gun control group targeting pro 2a districts with statue of child cowering under school desk"""""""" ",not-offensive
5900,1,     except those whole emails the prove what yer sayin is wrong.  hannity is paid 30 million a year to blame immigrants so you idiots happily pull the feeder bar for the guy going to take away yer healthcare. got to say the stupidity is entertaining.  maga ,offensive
5901,0, climate always changes. it is the climate frauds with their wealth redistribution scheme that is new. ,not-offensive
5902,1, another terrorist brought in by obumer! ,offensive
5903,0, timesuptwitter pro life organization president slams twitter for bias  newsmax via  ,not-offensive
5904,0,  you mean like gun control policies to try to reduce school shootings?? or just ones that you like? ,not-offensive
5905,0, boycott nfl. let us bring them to their knees!!!!!!! ,not-offensive
5906,1, well since your streams always have porn in the title i am going to sa you love porn ,offensive
5907,1,anyone surprised?    closernation   maga  qanon ,offensive
5908,0,"******** loesch unleashed  dana exposes the racist core of leftist gun control  onlyatyaf, yaftv, 8sep2018  gun control ... is the government telling you it does not trust you.""""        ********"""" ",not-offensive
5909,0, the reason you have not heard from dr ford about whether she is available to testify on monday yet is because she is feverishly trying to find someone to corroborate her story with the help of the dnc and soros’ deep pockets! ,not-offensive
5910,1,  I am not in uncomefortbul miss williams is a great actor or she thinks she is miss williams is out of order in what she said to the ref rules apply even to miss williams but your turning it in to of as a women do not this bone that miss williams is out of order that is a stone wall ,offensive
5911,0, congratulations for surpassing 10 million subs on youtube bhuvan sir you are first indian to cross 10 million subs ,not-offensive
5912,0, nbc just does not get it!  it has nothing to do with the day of the week or football. it has everything to do with the liberals looking down their noses at the american people. their sanctimonious political remarks    laughing at those who do not think like them. ,not-offensive
5913,0," first thing that comes to mind is another liberal hit job""""  this is the damage liberals  libtards  are doing actual victims of sexual assault ..................they inciting doubt in everyone is minds.  democrats are not a champion of woman, nor minorities.......they covet power ",not-offensive
5914,0, you are being super cute with your hormone story's and i hope all 3 of you are well ,not-offensive
5915,0, the klan was the militant arm of the democrat party.  i have not seen a past member in public since sen byrd died.  antifa is the new militant arm. ,not-offensive
5916,1, we agree that trump is a nazi sympathizer. but the sandy hook hoax and gun control is right out of hitler's playbook. bloomberg is a nazi when it comes to gun control. dems need to moderate!!!! ,offensive
5917,1, I am an asshole though ,offensive
5918,0, kavanaugh is reportedly at the wh right now.  ,not-offensive
5919,0,  jason you are better than this  re tweeting click bait . ,not-offensive
5920,1, i do not care if she is right or left go back to tv bitch one tv star in office is more than good  hollywoodisscum ,offensive
5921,1,10kids from different women from this american jobless men? nigerian men you are the bomb!!! ,offensive
5922,0, get ya booty to texas ,not-offensive
5923,0,    antifa? fighting neo nazis to oppose fascism is the same as neo nazis running over people with cars? this is pointless. enough. ,not-offensive
5924,0,  and as white as antifa.  the ones you have seen  ,not-offensive
5925,0, he does have a magic wand and he does know what to do. ,not-offensive
5926,0,      oh and thanks for rting my post!   maga  kag2018 yes we are going to! ,not-offensive
5927,0, nancy lee grahn you are awesome! i have been a fan since santa barbara!! alex davis also rocks!!!!! thank you !!! ,not-offensive
5928,0, brilliant journalistic commentary here ,not-offensive
5929,1,  but that is not convenient for democrats who must destroy a man in front of his wife and children for the sake of power  power that allows them to weaponize the fbi   cia  nsa  irs  all used against conservatives !! ,offensive
5930,0, it is fine. the liberals made sure that we use as much carbon as possible to make electricity. ,not-offensive
5931,0, the enemy within seems greater at this point than compromising sources and methods. it is the sources and methods we conservatives are concerned about!  draintheswamp ,not-offensive
5932,0,  conservatives want the pm to submit to their friends in the wh and the kremlin. trudeau should stand his ground and stand for canada ,not-offensive
5933,1, bitchc I am uwuing ,offensive
5934,0, he never should have been pope in the first place. he is a jesuit. ,not-offensive
5935,0,             same here. you got a follow. great talk on my way home from work. time to be the vampire and sleep during the day ,not-offensive
5936,1,"   lock her up! haa! looool. cannot wait! what a blatant lie! somebody is scared boy!! if that f******* b****** trump gets in, we all hang from nooses!"""" who remembers that one? can not imagine the anxiety she is feeling. makes me smile."""" ",offensive
5937,0,affirmative. we understand the situation.  wwg1wga  maga ,not-offensive
5938,1,  you go mike and by the way sarah she is the best lair . ,offensive
5939,1,  funny because he is a dildo! ,offensive
5940,0,"... she is our north star, amongst the many stars that pass away to fill the night sky with brilliancy."""" i cannot begin 2 imagine this as a parent but am so grateful and humbled for the time however brief with  so many shining stars who continue to guide all of us... ",not-offensive
5941,0, one day i kiss you one day you are prince i bought eth at 400  and i lost my hardwallet in a place in my world you are one of a troll love ,not-offensive
5942,0, funny how liberals and liberal stars hate the folks that make them and give them the very fame and power which they can not live without ,not-offensive
5943,1,  maxine is a cracked pot and should be run out of town.   what  a loser she is.grinning face what a joke she is also. ,offensive
5944,0, he mike  what country are you living in my country is a constitutional republic not a democracy ,not-offensive
5945,1,  and if there is gun control in usa  who will be rounded and exterminated ?? ,offensive
5946,0,     antifa is not democrat. blm is mostly peaceful ,not-offensive
5947,0, why did the ndp and liberals not give doug ford a standing ovation?  because it was “not worth standing” grinning face ,not-offensive
5948,1, they could literally give two fucks as fuck face with tears of joy like ummm okay thanks face with tears of joy ,offensive
5949,1,  says the bitch ass boy hiding behind a keyboard it do not hurt to ask for help sometimes can not do everything alone you fucking clown if he can help then something is better than nothing that is why i asked even if he can not it do not hurt to ask fuck off my twitter weak ass nigga ,offensive
5950,0, sometimes you get what ya ask for ,not-offensive
5951,0," when she is wearing her hero 'costume' she  is  completely invisible so.... yes?"""" ",not-offensive
5952,0, what??? she is cute but she does not look like me at all ,not-offensive
5953,1,  as I am watching it bentley kept looking at me face with tears of joy he being crate trained again so we good for now. he only allowed out to eat pee and shit and occasionally play time face with tears of joyface with tears of joyperson shruggingmedium dark skin tone‍female sign️ ,offensive
5954,0,   someone should tell her that voters have to be at least 18 and be citizens. can not imagine adults with critical thinking skills could ever vote for her again. ,not-offensive
5955,1,the ”beautiful people” still do not get it..shameful! keep digging  'dregs of society' support donald trump.          maga via  ,offensive
5956,1, blowing dirt and the misery of millions? ,offensive
5957,0, it is hard to really say at this point in his career. he is still so young. let us see how his jr season plays out before we start judging him. i have a feeling he is going to earn a spot on canada's wjc team. i think that could go a long way. ,not-offensive
5958,0,  is this for real? ,not-offensive
5959,0,  he is. ,not-offensive
5960,0,                                           we never get tired of winning!! ,not-offensive
5961,1,    this is because japan have a pm with common sense and foresight. they do not pander to muslims like may does. tory political suicide   g.e. 2020 smiling face with open mouth   smiling eyes  ex tory ,offensive
5962,0,just think this hate america filled man was our vp!!!!??? dems hate america! do you see it yet?   walk no  runaway from dems and join patriots who love to live in america!    maga ,not-offensive
5963,1, how? because they have been brainwashed by obama and the media and they are full of hate for conservatives. ,offensive
5964,1, a resounding no! 🇺🇸  maga ,offensive
5965,0, because she is in labour friends of israel ? ,not-offensive
5966,0,    in the sitting room making herself a drink. her shoulders are raised indicating how tense she is. i walk over to her and start to make myself a drink as well.   you know you made things more    ,not-offensive
5967,1, sucks ,offensive
5968,0, for all those conservatives that were so troubled to explain things about cigar's... how outraged are they about our current president? ,not-offensive
5969,0, laughing out loud he is literally incapable of this. ,not-offensive
5970,1, california? how? gun control laws should of prevented this ,offensive
5971,1, any time liberals think their going to get a win they tune into their head cheerleader. then they realize the latest bombshell is once again nothing and go back to their miserable existence eating chunky monkey  not racist  and watching netflix ,offensive
5972,0, party  partylite  conservatives 1 book 150 subj insight site my favorite  mythicalcreature? the honest politician  ,not-offensive
5973,0, update  feinstein's anonymous bs letter has failed too. she is not spartacus either. ,not-offensive
5974,0, i think its because he is remaining this pure sweet thing ,not-offensive
5975,1, true point.  gun control is total bullshit. ,offensive
5976,0,. . . and we wonder why conservatives who work for twitter fear saying so . . ,not-offensive
5977,0,  he is truly adorable. happy birthday baby boyface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
5978,0, i know she is very good friends with siobhan and the two clp's help each other a lot i imagine. it would seem she has upset a lot of people in her constituency? ,not-offensive
5979,1,soooooounds like an awesome plan !!!  next he is going to be pulling money from medi care and pensions to pay for all the golf cart rentals for his  detail that watches him struggle to stay on the fairways on all the golf weekends he swore “he would never have time for”  maga ,offensive
5980,0,  3 years mate!!! ,not-offensive
5981,1, everything he just said. is exactly why we need gun control. it is about saving lives. nothing else matters just saving lives. some people get bent out of shape over the second amendment. it is my right. crying! put your feelings away coward! put your guns away coward. gun=coward ,offensive
5982,1, we have nothing to lose in dumping rump as soon as possible. he is a menace. ,offensive
5983,1,  feinstein wanted to delay until after the midterms.  hopefully the red wave will wash her into the atlantic.  maga ,offensive
5984,0," i love how the anti gun control folks are simultaneously you can not blame the guns when people die"""" but also """"you can not blame the cops when guns just go off""""."""" ",not-offensive
5985,0,   she is laughing the most. ,not-offensive
5986,0, if I am not mistaken they were the only affiliate to not be resigned to the pirates system ,not-offensive
5987,0,   of course swalwell and pencil neck will probably go into hiding like all liberals do when their busted....  melt down liberal left...love watching it ,not-offensive
5988,1,"    the republicans have no sign of having a plan for any of that. and fuck trump"""", considering his failure, is a legitimate platform. it is better than the republican sure tragedy alternative."""" ",offensive
5989,1,  yes mothers now this is what the deranged left will make you do to your little boys! are we really going to let this happen? pure evil!  votedemsout  maga  2020  confirmjudgekavanaugh  ,offensive
5990,0,"  and I am sure she is for common sense gun control"""" as long as she has gun toting bodyguards."""" ",not-offensive
5991,0,  i think  is corrupt a back biter and a snake ,not-offensive
5992,1, it is funny how you idiot liberals seem to forget when other presidents do the same shit. haha. ,offensive
5993,0,  two words i thought i would never hear together  ticats and cornhole ,not-offensive
5994,0,buying this today best of luck on your new book!    maga ,not-offensive
5995,0,  as I am sure he is advising everyone must evacuate face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
5996,1,  somebody do something!!! this show sucks anymore!! the set designers are good though!  firemalyoung ,offensive
5997,0, are  and  all over this?   gun control utopia chicago needs them right about now.    justdoit  usopen  serena  maga ,not-offensive
5998,0,                i got you all  maga  clearflynnnow ,not-offensive
5999,0, certainly does ,not-offensive
6000,0, lowest unemployment rate ever recorded for hispanic asian and african americans more jobs  highest wage growth since the 1950s highest american employment ever in america history lower taxes more educational opportunities. wecall that  winning  maga   qanon  ,not-offensive
6001,0,  my sister is in g’ville. says she is going to text you ,not-offensive
6002,0, how do you get to know that she is  having period too. ,not-offensive
6003,0, be careful mr tepper! be very careful!!!! ,not-offensive
6004,1,  guy if you can not explain yourself after a day that is a good indication you are talking shit ,offensive
6005,1,"an already debunked viral hoax"""" tell me who decides if a meme has been debunked?? a potentially biased human has to that is who.   facebook  rosetta  memes  qanon  maga ",offensive
6006,1, google go to hell! ,offensive
6007,1,  sorry for the democratic party is the party of hate they formed the kkk and antifa. the gop it is finally got back in the office and the economy is booming and people have jobs wow overlook this. you liberal people are the most trashy ignorant things on this planet. ,offensive
6008,1,just saw a group of freshmen wearing maga bucket hats nauseated facenauseated facenauseated facenauseated facenauseated facenauseated facenauseated face i hate this school ,offensive
6009,1,.. this woman has nothing but play tennis and yet she is constantly being disrespectful it is insane. the whole all owes her an apology atp ,offensive
6010,0,   laughing out loud  liberalfool just maga ,not-offensive
6011,0, i hope you are right ,not-offensive
6012,0, trust me it are not ok to hit 16   21 year olds if you are 25   30  in my opinion . but where were her parents??? ,not-offensive
6013,0,         yes!!! among my favorite stories!  darkseid comes back and shows how a perennial evil he is in the universe! the daxamite menace might be among the most terrible menaces ever read by me! ,not-offensive
6014,0, haha true. she is sad but does not need the validation so just let her and her followers keep spreading the hate they have for truth. ,not-offensive
6015,0, put me down for disagree. this never happened. this is akin to the violence of antifa. she appropriating the metoo movement for the purpose of damaging a person. ,not-offensive
6016,1,    obama will be remembered as the man that destroy libya. imagine if mi6 or cia give blm or antifa guns and wages war vs trump. then they control the msm and say trump use chemical weapon to legalize their coup. the blood is on obama hand. ,offensive
6017,0,  why do you think liberals hate guns?  because we do not think military weapons should be in civilian life? please. ,not-offensive
6018,0,I am not going to no function with niggas that wear maga hats nauseated face ,not-offensive
6019,0,   today i am happy for you as you succeed in your work. the award you are rewarded is for you effortless trying. i wish many more awards in your life. it is the beginning of journey and lots of things are yet to achieve. congratulation for winning this award dear  ,not-offensive
6020,0, I am expecting a video from  ,not-offensive
6021,1,  he is a pedophile and a criminal! he deserves to be fired!!!! ,offensive
6022,0," only conjecture but with so high undecided it could be some fear the militant parts of the left like antifa who promise to punish those who do not vote in the approved manner. there was s report that voter rolls were being reviewed for gop to be visited """""""" ",not-offensive
6023,0, i am sure you are not     ,not-offensive
6024,0, heroes and villains. garak is neither. he is  ,not-offensive
6025,1, can not fucking believe it. ,offensive
6026,1, most men are decent and respectful so how is it that the so called conservatives have such a knack for finding and elevating sexual predators? ,offensive
6027,0, who held majority in the house and senate and who still does?  obama said himself that elections have consequences   might want to thank harry reid and every senator that voted to end filibuster ,not-offensive
6028,0,  just want you to look at her face the bright enthusiastic happy person she is ! ,not-offensive
6029,0, how is this possible?  brady gave california a a+ rating on gun control. ,not-offensive
6030,0,      i know!  so wonderful.  I am on a one woman campaign to bring  and therese back.  he may be starting to think I am a little pushy about it. ,not-offensive
6031,0,  he is here. every one on council is here. ,not-offensive
6032,0, because he support d roseanne?? ,not-offensive
6033,1, so that is why he is dead now??? really fox?? i would call that completely unrelated... this is why blm is necessary ,offensive
6034,0,  i feel like he is weird eitherway because the league was supposed to start yesterday and they have not say shit ,not-offensive
6035,0,  it should be admired that it is again the women of this country who have to fight on the frontline of discrimination...we should support them all.. ,not-offensive
6036,0, you are basically exploiting people with fear of spiders and you know there are a lot of them so you that is why you stole that pic to scare people who are arachnophobia ,not-offensive
6037,0, another turd gone from espn. maybe one day we can watch sports on the channel ,not-offensive
6038,1, because you sweet lil nigga ,offensive
6039,1,  or maybe to pay for their protests since mnuchin shut that slush fund down. probably going to pay for antifa riots. busing in people and weapons. ,offensive
6040,1, wow  you are so cute ,offensive
6041,0,   omg you look so beautiful!!!! you are killing it red heart️red heart️red heart️red heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
6042,0, she is a lib registered democrat. and that is all we need to know. ,not-offensive
6043,0,    brexiters are prepared that the party and the country pay the price. the gold is for them. they want to keep offshore tax havens which is in the individuals interests! why else would they knowingly ruin a nation and its people. ,not-offensive
6044,0,             hi bee gee!!! you are so cute!!!grinning cat face with smiling eyesface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
6045,0, new post  former theresa may aide will tanner says conservatives are 'sleepwalking into opposition' has been published on sallbuzz   ,not-offensive
6046,0,   sorry fella but connelly thought he was hollywood  craigkardashian ,not-offensive
6047,1, made my wife take the egghead bible challenge. our two kids are obviously more obnoxious than that loop because this shit is not phasing her at all. ,offensive
6048,0,  gun control seems to work in australia are not have a mass shooting since. and police brutality happens literally every week there is a new video  surfacing. ,not-offensive
6049,0,     has anyone realized chuck is trying use blue in his twitter account and not specify weather he is dem or rep? he is being deceptive of who and what he is so people may pic him not knowing what party he associates with ,not-offensive
6050,0,   well? ,not-offensive
6051,1,  jesus christ. liberals start young with their brainwashing ,offensive
6052,0,  liberals are not bright. ,not-offensive
6053,0, that is my placeweary face ,not-offensive
6054,1,   i really think he is mentally ill. why does his family not address the issues? maybe jared did with the op ed? ,offensive
6055,0, me because i have none face with open mouth   cold sweat ,not-offensive
6056,0,  gun control and divorce though ,not-offensive
6057,1,  look at her moving and not one word of truth coming out of it. if you ever get a chance to ask that layer a question ask her do you agree with me that the golan heights belong to 🇸🇾. she is dead dead in the water she could not answer it without condemning herself true ,offensive
6058,1,                         grinning face with smiling eyestelesmokacatin'  damn that looked better in my headgrinning face with smiling eyeswinking facerolling on the floor laughingsmiling face with sunglasses ,offensive
6059,0, leftist californian antifa professors never lie about republicans. snark!!! ,not-offensive
6060,0,"    I have been trying to find out the name of these for ages. i went to a hindu birthday and we were given these little dough pastry treats. i ate a plateful. i looked up puris"""" after your post said small and found them. asma, you are my saviour. now to find a place that sells them."""" ",not-offensive
6061,1, fucking liar she was happy to play kate nash when you asked her ,offensive
6062,0, do not worwee gweek i have multiple anxietys too you are nwot awone! ,not-offensive
6063,1,    he is having a go at people who love david gilmour but who think roger waters is a bit of a dick... obviously. ,offensive
6064,0, these metal people have already found kavanaugh guilty and the accuser does not want to testify even being backed by her liberal lawyers. this is nothing but a liberal delay tactic! now even feinstein believes this accusation is not true. liberals love to destroy people’s lives ,not-offensive
6065,1,    bank deregulation happened under gordon brown with his dramatic changes announced in 1997  not in manifesto  including independent central bank and removal of  supervision of financial sector. how old are you? who taught you this rubbish version of history? ,offensive
6066,1, he is a dumb ass! ,offensive
6067,0, we are super excited to have him! he is now on board for the  hadexincursion ,not-offensive
6068,1,"1 7 firefirefire  conservatives suddenly realize juvenile offenders deserve leniency  the president regularly refers to teenage gang members as “animals,” and has, in the past, called for imposing the death penalty on alleged teen rapists. ... ",offensive
6069,0,            sounds like a plan! ,not-offensive
6070,1, conservatives have become the cadaver party. ,offensive
6071,0,   just imagine if the two million spent on the security for the next royal wedding were allocated elsewhere ,not-offensive
6072,1,  buckle up democrats and liberals! the shit is about to hit the fan for you and the fbi doj ! ,offensive
6073,0,  so do you think she is a christian? ,not-offensive
6074,0, he needs to butt out ,not-offensive
6075,1, I am a sick fuck i like to quick fuck ,offensive
6076,1, but i thought antifa were actually fascists but this shows rethuglicans are the actual fascists in the room. ,offensive
6077,0, burt. a cool dude. ,not-offensive
6078,1,  donald trump said mr cruz is a lying dog you can not trust him or his wife said his father was involved with shooting president the president in texas in dallas america can not trust him he is a lier then how can he stand up for him down there in texas campaing ,offensive
6079,1,  and   on reflection    i is a sycophantic twat   but that does not mean he is wrong ,offensive
6080,0, well she is hot and lie with a smile .. so yeah ,not-offensive
6081,0,"  ppl who say I am not racist"""" are racist. you are a racist. repeat after me"""" ",not-offensive
6082,0,"  exactly. he is on record basically saying the president is above the law."""" it should be noted that the  gop is fine with this. rudy has his own issues. ",not-offensive
6083,0,  that is the most polite awkward thing i ever saw. ,not-offensive
6084,0,  that is a real shocker!  sarcasm  ,not-offensive
6085,0, grape! ,not-offensive
6086,1, hopefully she beats the shit out of the chair ump in australia to really show them.. ,offensive
6087,0,  he is german face with tears of joy he play for pig club fcb ssshhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit ,not-offensive
6088,0,wow...the best ppl i am connecting with... maga.. kag...thanks to all of you...xoxo ,not-offensive
6089,0,   liberals can not meme. they have no sense of humor or knowledge of meme ing philosophy. ,not-offensive
6090,0, omg you are two hearts ,not-offensive
6091,1, the transparency of their acts furthers the myth that all women are victims. some truly are but these crazed liberals would not know one if they saw one. in the end their hubris will hurt the real women that really need help. ,offensive
6092,0, she is discussing! ,not-offensive
6093,0,               now following all the patriots that i was not already following! let us mag and kag and vote red together! thank you all! ,not-offensive
6094,1, anyone is a target for the leftist liberals. goal? decent god fearing conservatives will pass on gov service! result? the country is harmed! congrats to liberals   your antifa anti america blossoms! ,offensive
6095,1,  reading these comments..this dear boy was burned alive!!!! and some are still talking about gun control! my gosh people! ,offensive
6096,0,"  tons of self professed conservatives have unwittingly embraced the key tenets of feminism without even realizing it. the average conservative"""" woman of 2018 is more liberal than the average liberal woman of 60 years ago."""" ",not-offensive
6097,0,  how about gun control for starters? ,not-offensive
6098,0, fear about losing your monopoly status is the correct answer. ,not-offensive
6099,0,50 miles from springfield to worcester march for gun control is technically hillary clinton since chinaly chanvong wears a wellesley college sweatshirt. get your facts straight mark zuckerberg. ,not-offensive
6100,1, maga you ignorant dupes. everyone knows this is just not true. ,offensive
6101,0, those liberals would have a story about jesus if he was running.... ,not-offensive
6102,1,  . you want publicity? try doing a video apologizing to your fans for kissing trump’s a   while burning that maga hat. puhlease you were just apologizing to drake and posting video of your daughter singing the kiki song. so stop it. nobody’s buying this album either ,offensive
6103,0, and let us not forget that the democrats were the ones who wanted to keep slavery alive ,not-offensive
6104,1,    you forgot to tag your bulletproof bullshit mate  .  you got sucked into the vortex tom and now you are drinking all the koolaid. ,offensive
6105,1,you you have committed so many crimes. no care what a liar has to say. you belong in prison.  maga ,offensive
6106,1," bill of'reilly, it can happen because, people like you will not speak out against your"""" potus and nra about gun control!!!"""" ",offensive
6107,1, he needs to either pick politics or singing ....... either way he stinks at both! ,offensive
6108,1, if you are looking for hard heads you only have to look at the republican congress ,offensive
6109,0, scottish   running out of excuses and  lies to justify her position ,not-offensive
6110,1,   says the little commie thot. i bet that  20 is more than your hourly rate ,offensive
6111,0, and we should listen to him because he is an actor.... and he is seen first hand what happened to climates on other galaxies. ,not-offensive
6112,0,  why did not kavanaugh need terms? guilty people  those are the ones that need terms.  let me clue you in  they are worried that she is going to make a terrible impression and will not be believable. they are trying to manage that concern. ,not-offensive
6113,0,  this from a woman that had spy by her side for twenty years and did nothing vote her gone oh wright she is gone even her party not supporting her vote red ,not-offensive
6114,1, let us stretch bitches ,offensive
6115,0," i tear up from laughing so hard every single time i see this. priceless. cnn should scoop him up for antifa rallies and weather stories. creative cameraman job at worst. elaine would say this guy is sponge worthy"""" come on cnn, hire this guy as a creative consultant at least."""" ",not-offensive
6116,1, liberals  it is trumps fault. thinking face ,offensive
6117,0, i think you are naive in the extreme. the ata works with the ndp. ,not-offensive
6118,0," stopkavanaugh  believe women, except for the 65 who support kavanaugh""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
6119,0,  you do understand we need europe right? ,not-offensive
6120,0, maybe you have not seen how well  maga is working on our economy. the turn around is restitching the fray in our social fabric and rekindling our civic spirit. these reforms are enlightening and educating the next generation in responsible civics.  walkaway ,not-offensive
6121,0, good luck with that! ,not-offensive
6122,0,  now let us do antifa radicalization!!! ,not-offensive
6123,0, can anybody explain how many stages of tds there are? ,not-offensive
6124,1, and dying a slow death such a shame ,offensive
6125,0,     i love how liberals call people names because that is all they have. how does he deserve to be called a dirt ball? ,not-offensive
6126,1,"     flake shld end his search for relevancy"""". he is rino filled w hatred for potus.  despicable behavior"""" ",offensive
6127,1, than we wonder why the dems. are blooming idiots here is a fine example. how to teach your kid to be a vulgar protester. way to go dems. this kid will grow up to become president of antifa. ,offensive
6128,1,"     philosophically speaking, can a hippie, crazy cat lady who supports antifa still be called a fascist""""? literally asking for a friend who is a constitutional """"scholar""""."""" ",offensive
6129,0, honestly ya when i talk about my opinions on gun control ppl are taken aback. face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
6130,0,  i realize there are violent trump supporters too but pale on comparison to the left. does antifa ring a bell? ,not-offensive
6131,0, also   did not he just flat out stop showing up to set for the freddie mercury biopic? that shit should kill his career...and here he is getting another gig! ,not-offensive
6132,0," suddenly thought of something.you mention in 1 of  your video that they do not know"""" where lay is he is capt youred by rf.then lay has to """"comeback appear"""" then only kai can bring him back to the island.latest video said he might be in another parallel world.what if"""" ",not-offensive
6133,1, unsealthedeals of  congress sexual assault  slushfunds now pls  folded hands  maga because  wethepeople want to know! the  hypocrisy of  doublestandarddems is sickening! backhand index pointing left  declassifyfisa backhand index pointing left  declassifyrelease302sunredacted backhand index pointing left and  declassifypowsdocuments while yr at it. thumbs up  darktolight ,offensive
6134,0,"       funny how 50s 70s were not all that great"""" for black ppl, poc, women...  maga wants to pretend there was this magical time, read all white and men """"ruled"""".   irony is it was not even great for a lot of them if they were not rich. that whole draft into war thing for one."""" ",not-offensive
6135,0," this is why she is a former"""" diplomat."""" ",not-offensive
6136,0,  is broadcast sewage! ,not-offensive
6137,1, and  you need to find this lady! do your thing. she is a terrorist waiting to strike. ,offensive
6138,0,     lab turned down the deal with lds ,not-offensive
6139,0, I am thankful that people who virulently demand gun control frequently do not have guns. mercifully it is  natural selection in a way. they generally show violent tendencies verbally. licensed gun owners are usually a very civil and polite group b c they understand the alternative. ,not-offensive
6140,1, the liberals sure are walking a very dangerous line. ,offensive
6141,0,    oh wait now i get it. you two are antifa! ,not-offensive
6142,1, qanda what happen to the predicted fall of society after  ssm. only the religious conservatives right     are the ones  running a muck in government. ,offensive
6143,0, a military tribunal will get holder. ,not-offensive
6144,0,2 examples of the group newsletters we created on gun control in the usa. in our groups of 8 we split into partners and were each responsible for researching and writing one of the 4 sections. miss ross then helped to arrange our separate pieces to make one a3 sheet.  currentaffairs ,not-offensive
6145,0, you are from my state. what is your view on gun control? ,not-offensive
6146,0,on friday the krav maga world lost one of its very best krzysztof  szczepanski  kris  lost his battle with skin cancer but not without giving it the fight of its life!!  the world is a worse place without him and he will be sorely missed. rip brother. folded handslight skin toneoss ,not-offensive
6147,0,  i suggest that  get a real life. ,not-offensive
6148,1," he should be ashamed of himself.  did michael moore start the term on the internet called a troll""""?  i think he is an ancient troll that is coming into his age with the liberal hysteria and their guided ignorance."""" ",offensive
6149,1, did she make some sort of sexual or foul joke? liberals really like making her do that ,offensive
6150,0,                                                  she is busy in appeasing minorities henceforth ,not-offensive
6151,0, i always thought conservatives cared about traditional values like honoring and protecting women.face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
6152,0,                                                 can you tell i have not eaten yet.... hangry ,not-offensive
6153,0, anyone else think that franken resigned over way more than what we actually witnessed and heard? ,not-offensive
6154,1, every one is on these social media platforms arguing about who is racist and who is not while the powers that be manipulate it to push their agendas and gain power.  and shit.  i know exactly what  your saying i am pretty liberal guy and i can not stand the racism discussions. ,offensive
6155,0,  then why is it always recommending he watch conservatives? ,not-offensive
6156,1, minus well keep him how he is bruh ,offensive
6157,1, total psyop at this point to anger liberals and keep them divided so they do not leave their sorry ass party. ,offensive
6158,0,  proud of you too! you hold down the fort for us on sensible gun control. ty!  enoughisenough ,not-offensive
6159,0,    antifa = democrats = dixiecrats = kkk ,not-offensive
6160,0,...and said kennedy was model of independent judge. the attack on kavanaugh's character and integrity via 35 year old accusations obscures his self characterization as next anthony kennedy. there are no conservatives   in the senate. ,not-offensive
6161,0,  this pope may have to stepdown ,not-offensive
6162,0,  let us all return to bouncer school. ,not-offensive
6163,0,. is right to say that housing associations should be “taking on and leading major developments themselves.” more investment by the  will enable them to do so.   ,not-offensive
6164,1, animal is the operative word ! ,offensive
6165,0,"1 2 so because he speaks in a manner that is in layman's terms that can not be misinterpreted, says most people do not know  which liberals democrats prove everyday , says believe me"""", says very bad, talks about serious issues makes him barbarically"""" ",not-offensive
6166,1,   these guys are only known for diverting topics only. he is a pure sanghi. let him bark. ,offensive
6167,0,  liberals did not give juanita broderick a chance to be heard or keith ellison's accuser. can not have it both ways. ,not-offensive
6168,0, you are welcome! ,not-offensive
6169,1, this is why women lose their credibility  she was empowered??? ohhhh me too! these women and liberals have high jacked the movement for women who really have been abused. disgusting ,offensive
6170,1, what the hell are you talking about? the only threats are coming from gun control nuts made against her kids. ,offensive
6171,1,   stop lying liberals. he said that is absolutely nuts ,offensive
6172,0, beautiful alex. i hope you are feeling better.  miss your smiling self in the morning. ,not-offensive
6173,0, mediabias with persecution of  conservatives while they ignore criminality from  democrats is obscene and is the reason most people call  cnn and  msnbc  fakenews ,not-offensive
6174,0,  if you wonna get paid...pick up the energy people!!!! scream and shout like you are at the   kavanaugh hearing! ,not-offensive
6175,0, why does ted cruz have to quote supporters in his own tweets?   does he have anything original and or prodcutive to say?  does he have nefarious connections to    and russia?    muellersmountain  endthegop  endthenra ,not-offensive
6176,1, this is what conservatives think a genius looks like. laugh my ass off ,offensive
6177,0,  either you democrats and liberals move aside or we will help you move aside we the people can remove you from office 20+million veterans can not be wrong ,not-offensive
6178,0," do all liberals"""" and evolutionary biologists really talk like hillbillies or are you just trying to sound superior?"""" ",not-offensive
6179,0," not so much, it is just me alone with myself. the whole you are your worst enemy"""" type deal"""" ",not-offensive
6180,1, thanks for being a bad bitch we can believe in ,offensive
6181,1,"    um, no? saying that labour is the party of hatred"""" implies they are the most hateful party, and therefore the conservatives are less hateful.  whilst the claim about the tories can be disputed, it is not whataboutery."""" ",offensive
6182,0, i have tried to follow you.  how are you different from the liberals.  pandering to the dairy monopoly  is offensive in principal and in practise.  the ppc party may be the only option that reflects my values.  it takes fortitude to do what is right. ,not-offensive
6183,0, you all bet your sweet bippy i  am  sparkling heart  thank you  ,not-offensive
6184,0, will not matter to me. cannot stand all those holier than thou liberals  somebody told them society beloeve they are brilliant experts on politics  hehe  🤮 ,not-offensive
6185,0,just  maga ,not-offensive
6186,0,    you know who did not have any allegations on his record brett kavanagh until one week ago when the democrats thought it up but I am sure any democrat nominee from now on will have someone in their past come forward and i hope the liberals are happy for bringing lowering us ,not-offensive
6187,0,listen carefully.     qanon  qanuck  asktheq  wethepeople  thegreatawakening  thestorm  maga  wwg1wga  ,not-offensive
6188,0,              you are so sexy girl... all of you are smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
6189,0,     private companies do not give a toss about anything but profit. it is in their terms. they have no choice. it is what bizzniss is.  the trouble comes when randian deludes out for a directorship decide to ignore everyone else in the country and create an artificial market for health. ,not-offensive
6190,1,  serena was outplayed and acted like a spoiled brat. she is not above the rules ,offensive
6191,0,  tip. he is no franchise qb. ,not-offensive
6192,0,      they coming. ,not-offensive
6193,0,  looks like you are the one face with stuck out tongue   winking eye some simple things need not be explained ,not-offensive
6194,0,   actually texas is a red state that has had too many liberals move in trying to ruin things. so do not cast aspersions against texas. it is the liberals from cali. and colorado that keep moving in. ,not-offensive
6195,0,"    for a president that is so unqualified """",  donald j trump most certainly is successful!  you can dislike the man, but you cannot deny his achievements!"""" ",not-offensive
6196,1,  the liberals will not investigate because they know there is nothing there. they would rather have someone else do it so when nothing is found the liberals can blame them. ,offensive
6197,0,  there os no such thing as antifa ,not-offensive
6198,1, she is delusional! get rid of electoral college so she and her corruption cronies can ruin the usa! they almost did!!!  voteredtosaveamerica   maga 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,offensive
6199,1,    the left party relativizing and playing down communist crimes ,offensive
6200,0,    yeah! let us get some gun control in this piece so white male americans can stop shooting places up. protect all americans ,not-offensive
6201,0, this woman is going to be so rich .. she is already a hero to half the country and 90  of the media and acedemia because she might stop trump from giving the court a conservative majority . ,not-offensive
6202,1,          dna testing? i thought that was the obvious answer. i would not even want to consider what the snowflakes would say if border protection detained or released  a child with a pedophile or child trafficker! ... but i take it ed does not care? ,offensive
6203,1,"  unleashed""""??  no your lowliness, it is the beginning on an exorcism against the evil in the body of christ known as the leaders of the catholic church."""" ",offensive
6204,1, shows the world just how useless and ineffective you are.. you little whiny brat.. why not go cry in the corner with what is his nuts??? oh yeah... acosta ,offensive
6205,1,   this is insulting. I am black and fully capable of getting ids. what makes you think that we can not?  let us be honest. this is about liberals  mostly white 1s  that want to appear as saviors and vanguards for minorities. its about protecting your fraudulent votes. ,offensive
6206,0, from his couch. ,not-offensive
6207,0, enjoyed watching the red sox beat toronto blue jays last night 7 2. prior to the game there was a 9 11 tribute where the national anthem of both countries was played and all the players stood along the 1st and 3rd base paths holding their cap over hart their with their right hand. ,not-offensive
6208,0, i did not recognise her without her antifa bandana. ,not-offensive
6209,0, thank you chaseface blowing a kiss i miss you more than anything but i know you are where your supposed to be! love you too the moonface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
6210,1, she never planned to testify. it was all an act   one that fell flat very quickly.  liberals will never learn.   we know their tactics. we can accurately predict their actions and responses. we also know how to think and do research. that is why they hate us. they can not control us. ,offensive
6211,1,  is a very lost soul! his father f**ked him up real good! ,offensive
6212,0,              ask them.  you guys are just using this topic to avoid answering my questions  about antifa crashing and being violent at pp organized events. ,not-offensive
6213,0,  exactly. has not everyone figured out that the only substantiated threats occur by liberals to conservatives?  the other way around is a farce. plain and simple. this is made up pile of poo to generate sympathy and try to keep a false narrative going. ,not-offensive
6214,1,  maxine needs to consult a shrink coz she is suffering from trump syndrome ,offensive
6215,0, because of the mayor ,not-offensive
6216,0, he is so wonderful! i love my grandkids! ,not-offensive
6217,0, metoo is the best weapon the liberals have because there is no due process .. its all disgusting ... and woman are the ones using it as the weapon .. shameful and typical liberalism .. use emotions for their own benefit ...  poster child for using woman ,not-offensive
6218,1, could have been you if you did not stop taking molly and shit! glad you changed and are still around. absolutely sucks max passed. such an amazing artist! rip mac. ,offensive
6219,0,"  project much, do you? every campaign flier i get in the mail from dem candidates is about healthcare, education funding, and the wealth gap  every flier from their gop opponents is so and so will stand with nancy pelosi and the liberals"""" identity politics horseshit."""" ",not-offensive
6220,1, hate mongering is no solution for nfl kneelers   change up your playbook losers ,offensive
6221,1, can you say insanity?  lockthemallup  handcuffsforhillary  maga ,offensive
6222,0," the pot calling the kettle black. most disisive and dirty political party right now is the one you are running for you use the words more perfect union"""" yet your party shows its bigotry and hatred towards conservatives, republicans, and all who have a different opinion  maga  ",not-offensive
6223,1, I am very horibble and shitty that is how i amloudly crying face ,offensive
6224,0, exactly! ford is just a damn pawn for the baby adults of america   aka democrats.  sheisaliar lying face  i red heart️ that conservatives will control the highest court for 20+ years. ,not-offensive
6225,1,    fuck yeah!!! ,offensive
6226,0,   black conservatives are routinely labeled by black 1  as “uncle tom’s.” that is attacking black conservatives for being black. ,not-offensive
6227,1,"rahm emanuel’s failure is an ill omen for all democrats""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",offensive
6228,0, why add insult to injury? he is 100  devoid of empathy. ,not-offensive
6229,1,  why the fuck do you cover american politics more than canadian politics?  is a fucking disgrace. report news. all news. not just the stuff that makes conservatives look bad and ignore the stuff that makes liberals look bad. ,offensive
6230,1, such a liar. anything trump says to mueller will be deemed a lie because three dishonest liberals collude to lie and mueller will elect to believe them over the truth. do you really believe trump or the american people are stupid enough to fall for that? we are not as stupid as you. ,offensive
6231,0,"  all out war"""" with  is hilariously insubstantialface with tears of joyface with tears of joy"""" ",not-offensive
6232,1, perfect example of a country with gun control. i bet those guys were happy the criminals did not have guns. ,offensive
6233,0, had you radical liberals supported president bush's plan to allow young people to invest 2  and only 2  of the social security into the private marketplace we may be solvent by now! ,not-offensive
6234,1,it is time to take these people down and take their power now before they hurt our ptotus!! these people are abusing their power that was given to them in trust! ..  maga  qanon  wakeupamerica ,offensive
6235,1,  so you are going to deflect away from nearly 3000 dead due the the lack of post hurricane support from the trump administration by using the deportation of a single 92 year old man? you sir are the offensive one. ,offensive
6236,1,     because he is a scummy human being. ,offensive
6237,0,                                                 well hello there ,not-offensive
6238,0,are not got no chill for you bro. stay the fuck away from me. face with steam from nose ,not-offensive
6239,0, i think she is the reason the “victim” had a polygraph. even  has questions about the validity of her accusation. ,not-offensive
6240,0, can you believe we just had a president with a fake id? ,not-offensive
6241,0, yet you guys spent the best part of 5 years speculating obamas birth. hypocrisy is the trademark of conservatives it seems. ,not-offensive
6242,0, i prefer not to speak ,not-offensive
6243,0, liberals at there lowest ,not-offensive
6244,0,11 copy                             ,not-offensive
6245,0,       i cited the constitution. that is not good enough for you? ,not-offensive
6246,0, and then we can issue each one of them a pink unicorn. ,not-offensive
6247,0, haha that is just because I am unique. a lot of americans can not find sweden on a map. and I am like jag älskar sverigesmiling face with heart eyesblue heartyellow heart🇸🇪red heart️ ,not-offensive
6248,0,maybe we are not   qanon  qarmytrain  wwg1wga  drainthedeepstate  maga ,not-offensive
6249,1,  omg!!! a good guy is now evil!!!! same thing happening is america!!! the globalist world leaders with all their money would have us believe what is evil is good and what is good is evil!! I have read that in the good book!!  for the end time!!!! ,offensive
6250,1, person shruggingmedium light skin tone‍female sign️ that would be silly. ,offensive
6251,0,come on  maga ,not-offensive
6252,0,                                                found some   please fb? ,not-offensive
6253,1,   john careful... liberals will attack you for thinking critically because the facts are not on their side ,offensive
6254,1,                          i never talked about gun control in any form. ,offensive
6255,0,        she is just as beautiful inside as she outside she loves the thrill of the ride and vib's ,not-offensive
6256,0, there is almost no one that liberals will not insult in defence of their ideological agenda ,not-offensive
6257,0, you have the best booty and everything you are stunning love you so want to cum in you so deep! ,not-offensive
6258,1, well she is dumb as a box of rocks so will give her a pass ,offensive
6259,1, he is what the industry stands for. all about spreadsheets and no care for the human side. ,offensive
6260,1,  what a dog..she is... ,offensive
6261,1, the killer is in the house.  maga  walldoesntprotectfromamericans ,offensive
6262,0, can i plz get a follow because i love you so much and i was the first person to like  your vid?yellow heart ,not-offensive
6263,0,  the failure is the liberal experiment to rush everyone away from traditional christian family values. we have always had violence but liberal ideology has destroyed society. liberals create crisis situations to further their warped attempt to take power away from individuals. ,not-offensive
6264,1, mann i are not that smoove booty like you gee loudly crying facesmiling face with open mouth   closed eyesperson shruggingmedium skin tone‍male sign️ ,offensive
6265,0,"   i hope all remember and think real"""" hard.  folks, you are just a carbon reduction to them. and they are looking for more.  ",not-offensive
6266,0, you are very persuasive fam ,not-offensive
6267,0, i also understand a lot of the followers are  maga and  cult45 aligned politically. ,not-offensive
6268,0, even antifa are mocking him now face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
6269,1, c’mon brah! go finish your mother fucking apple cider beer and shut the fuck up!!! adults are trying to have some fun on twitter... middle fingermedium skin toneface with tears of joymiddle fingermedium skin tone ,offensive
6270,1, thursdaythoughts  fuck liberals. forever. ,offensive
6271,0, as catholics run from parrishes ,not-offensive
6272,0, he is perfect for the part! I am with it . ,not-offensive
6273,0, good for you gov  gov. cuomo gets endorsement of nation's largest gun control group                ,not-offensive
6274,1, my friend is involved in the gun control movement had the same discussion with her. she really believes semi automatic guns aka “ assault rifles” spray bullets with one trigger pull. total ignorance ,offensive
6275,0, it is anita hill versus clarence thomas all over again. i hope this confirmation process has the same end result.   maga smiling face with smiling eyesthumbs upmedium light skin toneclapping handsmedium light skin tonefolded handsmedium light skin tonevictory handmedium light skin tonepolice officerlight skin tonewomanlight skin tone‍airplane️🇺🇸🇵🇷 ,not-offensive
6276,0,  a beast? she is certainly not attracted nor amused to do it with one. 0 10 ,not-offensive
6277,0,just imagine the tyranny we would be living under had these leftwing tryants waging war on us and our duly elected president and the american republic itself gained tyrannical control of the us supreme court the neocon’s  nevertrump crew was trying to deliver to them?   maga ,not-offensive
6278,0, he is an actor. please wake up. ,not-offensive
6279,1, he is telling you he knows where his bum is. writes “ass” with his bottom. what more proof of higher intelligence do you need? ,offensive
6280,0,   i love your spirit and taking a stand for our great country.. i wish these liberals  go to a socialist country ,not-offensive
6281,0,"         and by the way   you are response is a perfect example of liberal deflection. mope, def. be dejected and apathetic"""". exactly what liberals have been since clinton lost."""" ",not-offensive
6282,0, remember. people who make up stories do not ask the fbi to investigate those stories.  kag  maga  kavanaughaccuser ,not-offensive
6283,0,  exactly! you have shined a light on the core issue. and i have been saying this for years to deaf ears. conservatives have to start supporting conservative voices and messages in the arts. until then they will always be fighting from a defensive position. ,not-offensive
6284,1, so dissapointing. this guy is the biggest hypocrite in the country. embarrassing that he is our senator ,offensive
6285,1, oh fuck i forgot about poopy in my diaper pants you know me before i know myself ,offensive
6286,1,                                                 dint pay any attention to her...she is yet to say anything of interest... meme jerk. ,offensive
6287,0,  it is all okay with the liberals if it furthers their agenda. they have no core. ,not-offensive
6288,0,  neither do conservatives with may at the helm ,not-offensive
6289,0, voterepublicanhot springs️ armhot springs️ americanredmidterms  we can not let the democrats take back the tax cuts and the reforms that have put more money in so many pockets.    conservatives  independents  undecided  walkaway  ljmaga   goredstatebystate ,not-offensive
6290,0,  antifa feet. ,not-offensive
6291,0,"   help. i should call my father to let him know you are up. I will be right back.  i lean down placing a chaste kiss against his cheek. once i pulled away, i give him a bright smile as i walk out of the room to call my father.   i know he is  """" ",not-offensive
6292,0,  make you not to vote republican ,not-offensive
6293,1, keep up the good work while the liberals waste time crying and pointing the country moves closer to greatness again! maga ,offensive
6294,0,shop    80s  breaking  fortniteandroid  kungfu  fantasy  movies  trump  maga  80s  tech  texas  trending  sundaymotivation  maga  gop  gameofthrones  beard  men  news  breaking  kungfu  shop  shoponline  txsen  texas ,not-offensive
6295,0,a tear is made of 1  water and 99  feelings. ,not-offensive
6296,0, yo he is gorgeous smiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
6297,1, trying to shape opinion.  mockingbirdmedia at it is worse.. read the comments.. it failed miserably..  maga  greatawakening  thestorm   wethepeople   wwg1wga   draintheswamp  releasethevideo    mockingbirdmedia  fakenews    qanon  qanon8chan ,offensive
6298,0,  obesity high on the list. but people still care more about  gun control ,not-offensive
6299,0, coming from a person from chicago...kook! ,not-offensive
6300,0,  amazing all the projection she is doing. ,not-offensive
6301,0," i better use some tic tacs just in case i start kissing her. you know, I am automatically attracted to beautiful — i just start kissing them. it is like a magnet.just kiss. i do not even wait. and when you are a star, they let you do it. you can do anything."""""""" ",not-offensive
6302,0,. there he is  theirs the first baby  growing so fast  how cute  fabulous to see him again thanks for sharing   ,not-offensive
6303,1, it is like that mother with the spoiled rotten bad as heck kid. she still loves that brat and when bad things happen to him because he is a brat and deserves it she still sympathizes with her child. norm should realize when your livelihood depends on.... ,offensive
6304,1,  you missed seeing pruitt chewing butt all the way to the end. he is all business. i love it ,offensive
6305,0, you have to admit. these democrats know how to fleece the dollars out of other democrats. stormy has made huge profits from d’s flooding strip clubs to stick a dollar in her g. liberals are the easiest in our society to fool.. ,not-offensive
6306,0, i have a strong feeling a high   of them will vote blue.  gun control is their main focus. ,not-offensive
6307,1,  oh shit the mafia have finally found me ,offensive
6308,0, good game man ,not-offensive
6309,1,                                                  even pedophiles in interviews will tell you the only way to stop them is to kill them. pedophiles even admit to when out of prison they will offend again and that is what keeps them alive in prison... the hope of another opportunity to molest an innocent child. they are sick f*cks ,offensive
6310,1, the more this woman talks the more stupid she becomes.  termlimits  liberals ,offensive
6311,1, yeah   because antifa are nothing but violent thugs who assault anyone and everything. ,offensive
6312,1," you and your husband are double talking hypocrites. we can see right through your gun control"""" facade. what you really want is for us to give up our guns while you and your husband get to keep your guns."""" ",offensive
6313,0," projectreality has just upped in pace.   f business"""" in favour of the 1  of tax dodgers   cheer on as manufacturing gets ready to  exitfrombrexit through relocation  time to  endthechaos and  stopbrexit   time for a  finalsay via a  peoplesvote ",not-offensive
6314,0, god help us. please get out and vote! ,not-offensive
6315,0, congrats love! you are proof that with enough courage and determination you can literally overcome anything. thank you for being a beacon of hope to everyone. 🤟medium light skin toneyellow heart ,not-offensive
6316,0, doct tape please! ,not-offensive
6317,0, bcashhhhhhhhhhconnectttt!!! ,not-offensive
6318,0, globalist tool. ,not-offensive
6319,0, we appreciate your patience and compliance. thank you for supporting our future. ,not-offensive
6320,0, he had to talk about how great he was because nobody else was. ,not-offensive
6321,0, he is adorable  ,not-offensive
6322,0, levistrauss takes stand on  guncontrol  cbs  sanfrancisco  nomorelevis  guns  nra  usa   gop  libertarian  conservative ,not-offensive
6323,0,  you think they will “get” violent? antifa already is..... i do agree it will get worse.  that is why we all need to learn self defence and get concealed carry approved w insurance. ,not-offensive
6324,0, so basically you are now preaching what they religious end of world people have been doing. congrats ,not-offensive
6325,0, testing  7.31 support line is what she is doing new all time high if it does not break ,not-offensive
6326,1,          the fbi would be the proper authority to administer this polygraph despite their corruption at the top of their organization. ,offensive
6327,0, bring back janet yellen.  she is the author of low prime rate and stable growth and income. ,not-offensive
6328,0,     she is a leftist activist.  biased to stop judge cavanaugh.  do i need to draw you a picture?? ,not-offensive
6329,0, she is so adorable! ,not-offensive
6330,0, assuming she is a comedian........thought you had to be funny with a great sense of humor. ,not-offensive
6331,0, are you sure she was't just thinking about herself. ,not-offensive
6332,0, you already know he is face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy and then blown coverages that gave ole miss td ,not-offensive
6333,0," actually, it was hitler who patterned his style after the democrats in america,  hey! that is what we should do"""" and he did."""" ",not-offensive
6334,0,  why does  have this censored as potentially sensitive material?   panicindc  qanon  wwg1wga  ,not-offensive
6335,0,we stand with kavanaugh 🇺🇸 maga ,not-offensive
6336,0, liberals support this i thought. ,not-offensive
6337,0," but the wicked  like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up mire and dirt. no peace, saith my god, to the wicked."""" isaiah 57 20 21"""" ",not-offensive
6338,0, he is brilliant. ,not-offensive
6339,0, the off and on gun control debate starts again. ,not-offensive
6340,0,  and he is signing briefs on behalf of special counsel mueller. ,not-offensive
6341,0, and you think that the us does not have a gun control problem....? ,not-offensive
6342,1, for what??? lies and rumors being spread by liberals with their known pattern? hell no. ,offensive
6343,1,the beauty of  theview is that no one pretends not to be a leftist.    maga ,offensive
6344,0, the hypocrisy of the  nevertrump movement exposed. we hate trump but thumbs up for his vile policies and anti abortion scotus pick.  why liberals claim them as our allies boggles my mind. ,not-offensive
6345,0, wow...mid way through 2018 and theresa may and the conservatives discover that social housing exists ,not-offensive
6346,0,  anyone rating 100 rifles as better than deliverance does not deserve the right to be read. ,not-offensive
6347,0,                      deplorables beware..some lights might be turned off..like streetlights ,not-offensive
6348,0, the global elitists never thought you would win. just like our trump. america knows your truth and knows how you are trying to help your citizens. stay strong. america knows and supports you. the nwo will never win! ,not-offensive
6349,1, poor old rudy he is as full of shit as a christmas goose. ,offensive
6350,1, i want to fight one of you for real you are taking the piss ,offensive
6351,0, texas race is no race. believe it liberals! ,not-offensive
6352,1, she is demented. ,offensive
6353,0,  he is best of the best! barun sobti ,not-offensive
6354,0,kyky do you love me ? are you in anfield ? putain la cliiimmmm  livpsg ,not-offensive
6355,1, i heard  your cock was big and lonely ,offensive
6356,1,  so alyssa you saying he is guilty?  what ever happened to innocent before guilty?  and if he is innocent would you at least tweet an apology?  shut up and answer the tweet. ,offensive
6357,0, a thought i had watching this “does she know where she is or what is going on?” ,not-offensive
6358,0,". is demanding we all do better this time around with kavanaugh  survivors are always asking ‘am i safe?’ she wrote. right now, conservatives, you are telling them ‘no.’""""  larrynassar"""" ",not-offensive
6359,1,still canny get er somecunt in maga telling us no to go into bananas cos french boys were spiking folks drinks and kerr turns round n shouts fuck it free dunt face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
6360,1, that shit different frfr. ,offensive
6361,0, even though he has proved to be very efficient in almost every regard since taking office.  hillary should fade away. ,not-offensive
6362,0,  once again using people to advance herself  walkawaydemocrats ,not-offensive
6363,1, laughing out loud laughing out loud laughing out loud laughing out loud laughing out loud!!!!!!!face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy. you are a fool!!! ,offensive
6364,1,chances  got  ‘s mario cart penis confused with one of the few thousand she is had since then. can you remember what a specific slice of pizza pizza you at 15 years ago looks like? dems like ancient memory based accusations  confirmkavanaughnow  maga ,offensive
6365,0, think it is disgusting more money is being spent in my opinion they need to look closer to home wear she is ,not-offensive
6366,0,  i did not have them in school... did us no harm... they are a distraction and you are in school to learn....... ,not-offensive
6367,0,  sounds to like the fisa court may have a problem too!. 🇺🇸 maga🇺🇸 🇺🇸 kag🇺🇸 🇺🇸 build the wall🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
6368,0, its okay but you are the emo too I am not  look to your icon and username just look ,not-offensive
6369,0,   yea right. I am from nyc and she is  easy to read. dumb and has a chameleon personality.  fits in everywhere because she is diff to diff people. ,not-offensive
6370,0,happiest birthday to the greatest constitution on god's green earth! 🇺🇸   devilyouloseagain  letthetribunalsbegin  therainmakers  trumpworld  rainmakersunite  wwg1wga  qanon  maga.  kag  q828  thepersistence ,not-offensive
6371,0, the interview is an important part of the hiring process. and selling yourself may not come naturally. let us make sure you are fully prepared   tn ,not-offensive
6372,0, you are so freaking valid ,not-offensive
6373,0,  more jewish theatrics from    google    ,not-offensive
6374,1,     that was fucking fast holy shit laughing out loud ,offensive
6375,0,  a nice cartoon. ,not-offensive
6376,0, pick me pls. ,not-offensive
6377,0,  “buzzfeed news contacted the woman believed to be the subject of the letter at her home last week. she declined to comment. buzzfeed news has not been able to confirm the contents of the letter.”  now hearing she is a high school classmate. ,not-offensive
6378,1,                                                 so true! poor basement dweller!! ,offensive
6379,0, why can not we go 1 day without things being awful. ,not-offensive
6380,0,active shooter middleton wi several ambulances ambulance on stand by waiting for police to clear building  maga  trumptrain    keepamericagreat2020  ,not-offensive
6381,0, but he is back on the weed. ,not-offensive
6382,0,also i do not support antifa in any way. using violence or intimidation for a political message is the definition of terrorism. regardless of someone is beliefs you should not incite violence on people over the belief and they should not do so over you. ,not-offensive
6383,0, glad he is on a winner ,not-offensive
6384,0, i liked it in a so bad it is good way. she is so miscast it is amazing ,not-offensive
6385,0, goofy’s grandfather. ,not-offensive
6386,0, fartacus ,not-offensive
6387,0, maybe your underlying theory is wrong.   there are a number of ways in which the nomination supports maga. some of which trump has hinted at. ,not-offensive
6388,0,    eddie you are the king of l’s. you need to learn how to get w’s. mike and i consistently get w’s which is something that you can not ever get. ,not-offensive
6389,1, as he should. the world does not stop because you liberals want to hijack a process and delay at all costs. ,offensive
6390,0,  have you noticed that kavanaugh has not actually answered any real question  posed on roe v wade or gun control and even civil rights ,not-offensive
6391,0,  he is also speaking as the other man in the room.   remember he kept silent and allowed kids to be sexually assaulted....we will call him the mark judge in this case. ,not-offensive
6392,0,  now that is a diffrent situation but either way you got to appreciate considering the fact that he is actually liking it just to impress it means he are not like that ,not-offensive
6393,0, actually it is only libs that actually follow up on their threats  36 cops murdered so far by libs 100s of cops shot by libs dozens of republican congressman attempted murder by libs antifa assaulting on behalf of libs  ,not-offensive
6394,0, just followed you! nice to know there are liberals in florida! adearfriendnjust moved there and is surrounded by red! ,not-offensive
6395,1, *replaces chickens with gun control* ,offensive
6396,1," shit like this is why i do not follow   who me? I am just stating basic facts.  totally not diverting from the actual point. just stating a fact.""""  you are a phony"""" ",offensive
6397,0,   top 15!? yes he is?? ,not-offensive
6398,0, just know that she is in a better place ,not-offensive
6399,0, she is not friendly! ,not-offensive
6400,1,  I have been complaining about this shit all tournament long. they think people in usa care more about roger federer favorite food than they do watching americans play. it is such a turnoff that i turn the channel ,offensive
6401,1," maga people are very low iq. gdp growth"""" means literally nothing. in no way does this translate to higher income for white familes or individuals. all that billions goes to companies or government.   and what jobs did he create? labour which pays less than living wage lmao? ",offensive
6402,0,  sshh speak no evil monkey she is lyingsmirking facesmiling face with open mouth   cold sweatloudly crying faceface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
6403,0, what do you do when you are bored?  askally ,not-offensive
6404,0, now do gun control ,not-offensive
6405,0,   how did we get from antifa violence to charts on gun deaths and trump? you keep moving the goal posts. from defending antifa violence by posting  60 year old kkk statistics and claiming that there is a threat to democrat rallies like the violence  republicans experience? ,not-offensive
6406,0,   oh you just wait til you see the next hurricane meal i tweet out!  you are going to be sooo jealous... ,not-offensive
6407,0, i love you so muchrevolving hearts and I am so proud of the great actress you are today ,not-offensive
6408,1,  wish you folks luck w that. i think you are fucked though.. there will never be enough pro gun folks elected in california to turn the tide on gun control. the masses are convinced guns only equal bad.  they already tell you which and how many guns you can buy.  now ammo. what is left? ,offensive
6409,1,     what does it matter who i vote for..it is the left who pushes for gun control yet portrays black men in music vids as violent gun “users”..stfu! laugh my ass off sleeping fools ,offensive
6410,0, happy belated birthday sexy mangrimacing face ,not-offensive
6411,0, you are kind and attentive. thank you folded handsmedium dark skin tonepeace to you  ,not-offensive
6412,0,  then why is america succeeding under president trump. ,not-offensive
6413,0,    it is called educating liberals. ,not-offensive
6414,0,    love this. ,not-offensive
6415,0, if you are not an ancom then you should be on my side ,not-offensive
6416,1, you are a lying corrupt traitor!!! nobody wants to hear anymore of your lies!!!  deepstatecorruption ,offensive
6417,1, and the fact he called you a nigger after you respectfully told him your preference damn near proves that theory person facepalmingmedium skin tone‍female sign️ ,offensive
6418,0, she is cute i lov her ,not-offensive
6419,0, you do not know her she is senegalese face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
6420,1,  I am not a muppet. I am a 6’2” 215 lbs voter who is of puerto rican decent that does not take bs from white liberals like you. ,offensive
6421,0, we are fighting back against corporate gun control and we could use some help spreading the word. check it out  ,not-offensive
6422,1, laughing out loud they have no idea nazis were socialist. their complete inability to grasp reality is so mind blowing. antifa is no shit calling for a civil war to defend slavery. the confederacy considered lincoln a fascist too... hmmmm. ,offensive
6423,0, yeah she is and oh I am working that day but we will plan it! ,not-offensive
6424,0, hi i love youuuuuu. i hope you are doing okay right now ariana. i lovee youuuu ,not-offensive
6425,0, dude you are so right.. one just triggers the other upside down face ,not-offensive
6426,0,  of course she is! probably has the record over her lifetime. ,not-offensive
6427,1,  or he is part of the fraud they pulled together. ,offensive
6428,1,  murda fucker ,offensive
6429,0,    term limits will not work any better than gun control for the same reasons. in particular for the congress. ,not-offensive
6430,1,  of coarse he is alex and many other nation leaders are as we ll lapdpgs ,offensive
6431,1,"   gawd you are missing the point so hard. yes she could have. point is she is expected too. the responsibility lies solely on the woman in our culture. the man is not berated for his actions. the woman is. listen to you silly girl"""" you are part of that culture."""" ",offensive
6432,0,  brettkavanaugh is the right man for the job. liberals need to give up already. ,not-offensive
6433,1, another sick liberal 🤭 ,offensive
6434,0, bono  is an asshole. ,not-offensive
6435,0,    who is ok with antifa? I am not. there are medicines for your condition madam... ,not-offensive
6436,1, nope. not going to miss his sorry ass at all. ,offensive
6437,0,    yes he is ,not-offensive
6438,1, i believe he asked people 2 vote out aishwarya bcos she is mentally unstable n has mood swings ,offensive
6439,0,   you are happy your all friend. ,not-offensive
6440,1, corrupt dcrats in charge in pr the big problem ,offensive
6441,0, he is worried about his bottom line that is what upsets him ,not-offensive
6442,0,   i was not aware there was big money in sensible gun control thinking face ,not-offensive
6443,0, omg i am so sorry you have to go through that but once she is out it would be worth it i love you austin and ell and let us not forget about the new baby you guys are such good people so keep doing what you do best and keep inspiring me and the other ace family members i love you guyssmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
6444,1,"   especially those who play the good religious boy"""" routine as 80  of their """"job interview"""". seriously, imagine pulling that crap in a job interview and then imagine   interview for supreme court justice.  kav spends way too much time talking about how pure he is."""" ",offensive
6445,0, you have been selected by liberals! are you cheating on your voters. you should have changed your mind before the election ms. alleslev ,not-offensive
6446,1,     you are under a delusion if you think calling hrc backers idiots is attacking the messenger. they are not the messengers they are the ones that signed for and took delivery of the message. but that was packaged and sent by the dnc. ,offensive
6447,1, he is another one of the puke pool!! it is getting pretty full i can tell you that for sure!!! ,offensive
6448,0, david dennison might know where he is. ,not-offensive
6449,0,                     follow everyone on this tweet. we have to fight twitter and the democrats! ,not-offensive
6450,0, I would like to see some retribution going forward. it is abuse to endanger your child and your pet. ,not-offensive
6451,0,  congress tried secret shah bano strategy for  tripletalaq.   then they openly took a position to appease muslim conservatives for votes.  trying to confuse now about their position on it again for votes.   people of india are smarter now to know their real reason. ,not-offensive
6452,1,  your so fuckidng pretty perhaps i she would tears ,offensive
6453,0,     it is really weird to see him on the ice on another team. slap in the face. ,not-offensive
6454,1,  you a dickhead for thatface with tears of joy ,offensive
6455,0, ford's takeover of the ontario conservatives makes trump's takeover of the gop look geologically slow. ,not-offensive
6456,1,20 more votes for  democrats and let us see... how many murders of  conservatives  justsaying ,offensive
6457,0,             you are welcome bob! i hope you are having an excellent wednesday! ,not-offensive
6458,0,  give the kid a break! he is trying to bring about change! we desperately need something to change our violent society! ,not-offensive
6459,0,   because I am a little concerned about the q followers because they slowly become more and more a sort of right wing sjw antifa thingie   also excuse me for my horrible english it is not my native languase and did not had much schooling in it so I am sorry if it sucks. smiling face with open mouth   cold sweat  ,not-offensive
6460,1,                                                  how an  evangelist speaks when he is filled with holy spook ,offensive
6461,0,56 million defenseless people were rounded up and exterminated in the 20th century because  of gun control. ,not-offensive
6462,0, his ego gets in the way. he is not a great coach. good but not great. there are several coaches that could win with the talent at auburn. ,not-offensive
6463,0, all those muscles ,not-offensive
6464,0, democrats have no laws!!pouting facepouting facepouting face ,not-offensive
6465,0,"  sure. the far left and merkel lost faith in him. for indoctrinated germans on the southpole everything seems north far  right . maaßen was removed because he called an antifa spade a spade. well, to you promoted"""" because he spoke up against merkel and press hysteria. contradiction"""" ",not-offensive
6466,1,"...we can no longer sit on the sidelines and remain silent on this issue.""""   chip bergh, chief executive    this is what  peopleoverprofits looks like. clapping hands ",offensive
6467,1,was this a threat from   dangerousdemocrats  maga ,offensive
6468,0, censorship ,not-offensive
6469,1,  da fuck is going on people?   there is the men's room and the women's room  pick one and stick w it thinking face ,offensive
6470,0,  dude... listen to yourself... igl is so much mure than just calling.. all the prepwork and everything.. yeah so niko called in one game or in one map... it is like mibr with cold n fallen... he is such an important player for this roster. 4 superstars and the team works.  karrigan ,not-offensive
6471,0, liberals always be liberalling. ,not-offensive
6472,0, speaks volumes to the shift of political ideology in canada when a sitting liberal mp identifies more with the the opposition conservatives.  both parties have shifted too far left. ,not-offensive
6473,0,  anything he does right now will be over shadowed by florence.  i think he is holding till after the storm. ,not-offensive
6474,0, I am voting for  and  as well as other constitutionalist republicans. thank you for fighting for america. we appreciate you   maga  keepamericagreat ,not-offensive
6475,1," screw you and that keep up"""" shit honestly face with tears of joy"""" ",offensive
6476,1, you do not get it it all. women do not like to come forward because of men like you. when they finally do come forward men like you either slut shame them or call them liars. men like you are shy a lot of victims remain silent. ,offensive
6477,0,"    the rules today were put in place to prevent players acting like those bad boys"""" of the past. she is a professional, she knew that her coach broke the rules, he admitted as much. saying others do not or did not get called is no defence. she was only fighting to be above the law."""" ",not-offensive
6478,1,  lmaooo fucking love you see you hotties soon xox ,offensive
6479,0,  i tape it. then when he is talking i fast forward it. it is funny to see his lips moving and not hear him! ,not-offensive
6480,0, he passes the ball to keita instead should have actually shot and we would not be having any discussion. if anything he is quite selfless ,not-offensive
6481,0, only for conservatives. liberals elevate the person and make them their presidential nominee. only a person like trump seems immune. ,not-offensive
6482,0," when  mentioned years of economic pain"""", was he referring to  +  imposed austerity?          ",not-offensive
6483,0, reagan also signed the first gun control bill as governor of ca ,not-offensive
6484,0,   she is a classist.  note the rolls royce refernce. ,not-offensive
6485,0,14. how kind she is ,not-offensive
6486,0, twittershouldbe a less mean environment and less biased towards conservatives. ,not-offensive
6487,0, you would do well in austin. very blue... you are as likely to find wiccan folks as super conservatives. ,not-offensive
6488,1, hiding like the caged animal he is. ,offensive
6489,1, yeahhhhh i will admit to being a destiny 1 cayde liker but god they just made him suck in 2! ,offensive
6490,0, hopefully not. ,not-offensive
6491,0, it is just getting so predictable. ,not-offensive
6492,1,   he is as clueless as out his disgusting looks as he is about every other thing there is to know. ,offensive
6493,0, he is hugging face ,not-offensive
6494,0, she is allergic to chocolate frowning face️ ,not-offensive
6495,1, trump kicks dem butt   its so fun. ,offensive
6496,1, hplyk fuck ,offensive
6497,1, you are awful. ,offensive
6498,1, rest in pussy ,offensive
6499,1, go back to canada you freak. ,offensive
6500,0, you are amazing and i love youuuu!! ,not-offensive
6501,1,   and your gun control has failed to reduce homicides.  your homicide rate has not dropped after all of those gun laws.  it has however rose.  enjoy bending a knee to the people who do not really give a shit about you though. ,offensive
6502,0, thank you for explaining succinctly why a second referendum would be used by  to rewrite the question and manipulate the answer in order to clingvto power  peoplesvote ,not-offensive
6503,0,   he is an emotionally detached and cautious man.  his youthful  1965 to 1970  military service and connections to naval intelligence have never really been talked about. i think that there is still some deep throat stuff that was hidden by the outing of a confused  mark felt. ,not-offensive
6504,1,  endless dreg here...grinning facegrinning facegrinning facegrinning face 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 maga                  pervert supreme of society ,offensive
6505,0, lol... a liberal trying to make other liberals sick what a maroon ,not-offensive
6506,0, anyone else getting a different idea of how these attacks are connected? thinking face🤫 ,not-offensive
6507,0, face with tears of joyface with tears of joy you are too funny! ,not-offensive
6508,0,"   actually, mr. swalwell, do not say we do not use violence.""""  conservatives do not.  leftists do.  just ask anyone assaulted by  antifa or, for that matter, turn around and go find    ",not-offensive
6509,0,   i did not know if it was a guy or girl at first.  but she is definitely the most un charismatic person I have ever seen hosting any type of show. ,not-offensive
6510,0, tryouts for antifa??? ,not-offensive
6511,0,    conservatives like shapiro think everyone is cognitive functionality is structured like theirs  rules based.  nope. it is especially true for non conservatives that most people think results goals based and *not* rules based.  so they can not contend with rule breakers. ,not-offensive
6512,1, today collins is back with another excuse to vote yes.  it is all disgusting. every gop rep can see what he is.  they will not stop working against the common man.          ,offensive
6513,1,   people who employ fascist tactics are fascists. that is what antifa does. do you want me to start posting videos of antifa riots? ,offensive
6514,0,analysis | devin nunes explains ‘antifa’ and ‘all of these riots’  ‘because we are winning’ ,not-offensive
6515,1, i know sex sales and we all know ridge was going to choose his daughter jmo i wanted hope to get it ,offensive
6516,0,    these women knew the knuckledraggers they were marrying and voting for. i have no sympathy for them. they should burn in hell for what they are doing to their daughters and granddaughters. they are the innocents here  not women stuffing guns down their yoga pants and yelling maga ,not-offensive
6517,0,  potus is there right now. he will do all he can to help these people and it is heart felt.  he will not politicize this like you liberals do. ,not-offensive
6518,0, he will end in gitmo ,not-offensive
6519,0,.  what numbers do you use? where do your numbers come from?  why did you ignore the current theft from medicare?  is your ignoring the cost ignorance or deceit?  make liberals pay for  welfareforall!  iatrogenesis ,not-offensive
6520,1, he is about as useless as a tit on a hog just saying smiling face with sunglasses ,offensive
6521,0, i completely agree!  we can uphold the second amendment and have common sense gun control.  I am a responsible gun owner.  but no citizen needs military grade weapons or high capacity magazines.  to find the problem   follow the  ! ,not-offensive
6522,1, girl bitches aggravate me! ,offensive
6523,0,   because she is more intelligent than you are. ,not-offensive
6524,1,"  democrats want more gun control!  i say,   just go to the range and practice,..  you will get better """" ",offensive
6525,0, he heightens the belief in slimfast.. ,not-offensive
6526,1, i like how her boobs have the same mass as her belly xd ,offensive
6527,0,4a  texas medical board engaging in warrantless searches of doctor’s offices in ‘back door gun control’ effort  ,not-offensive
6528,0,               antifa tell the truth? ,not-offensive
6529,0," our republic was in crisis.  we the people elected the only man who could give us a chance to save it from the likes of socialist democrats, antifa, mob rule, and your resistance"""".  tread carefully with your words as you are now dangerously close to seditious conspiracy."""" ",not-offensive
6530,0, hana and hina after school. it is an lgbt love story and i got it for my best friend and read half and the next day went back to the comic con and bought myself the series face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
6531,0, bit thanks for your concern... he is a competitor that wants the world as his oyster... wants to play and try as many sports as possible... ,not-offensive
6532,0, you are not alone.   i am here with you.   razzinfrazzinmaggle ,not-offensive
6533,0,. it is not clear which  and  mps put party ahead of conscience  ldconfbrexit ,not-offensive
6534,1, you are literally white nationalist radicals and enemies of the state. you are lucky you are not being hunted down by federal agents like the terrorists you are...but the citizenry will act in the state's place soon enough. acta non verba.  theresistance   resisttrump   antifa ,offensive
6535,0, what if the law is reasonable gun control? ,not-offensive
6536,1," after watching the entire match and controversy serena is lucky she did not get a match misconduct. she is so upset that the ref. would give her a warning for her coach coaching"""" which he even admitted to. the ref did nothing wrong he enforced the rule and serena did it like it."""" ",offensive
6537,0, bs. he is looking for retirement money and a new job. ,not-offensive
6538,1, bitter obama?  how about seriously worried obama.  he is the head of all this corruption at fbi and doj. ,offensive
6539,1, more misleading nonsense. it is like you are incapable of straight news. fake through and through. ,offensive
6540,1,  money better spent on american mental health or gun control sandy hook vegas concert theater shooting church in sunny springs ,offensive
6541,0, she is absolutely gorgeous! ,not-offensive
6542,0,"  I am sure they are pro life"""" conservatives. keep up the great work chelsea  we need you."""" ",not-offensive
6543,0,                                                  yelp.   i lost confidence in them when they gave a local staple a good review.  the hamburger was fucking grey.  i swear to god.  grey! ,not-offensive
6544,0,   chicago is the living proof that gun control does not work. ,not-offensive
6545,0,"                  you are suggesting that it is not the     law and policy  sanctions regime  that informs rates of benefit sanctions. the graph would suggest that is true as by 2017 the sanctions rate was lower than it was under the previous sanctions regime. good observations about pressure""""++"""" ",not-offensive
6546,1, what thw fuck ,offensive
6547,0,  yooooo i did not know you had a son. that is awesome. look how focused he is. smiling face with open mouth ,not-offensive
6548,1, oh nancy i agree with you wholeheartedly i do not think i have ever hated anyone in my life like i feel about this man the fact that he is supposed to be our leader makes my stomach turn smh i have lost all respect for the gop completely that they sit back and allow this travesty ,offensive
6549,0,  felons are..unless those freaks have changed that. sick of them registering convicts to vote. the exact people who do not want us to have guns and will vote gun control every time! ,not-offensive
6550,0, but she has no concrete facts. but to dems a lie is good enough. ,not-offensive
6551,1, only suckers are paying  40 for early access to a game they will hate in a week ,offensive
6552,0,panic in dc sessions huber having meetings...   wwg1wga  qanon   maga  walkaway           ,not-offensive
6553,0, fun fact  i nutted to this ,not-offensive
6554,1,   that sucks. have plans?  you should team up with lemons! ,offensive
6555,0,   which one is it? is there an active threat that you could be shot that is driving the need for gun control?  or is the idea that the threat exists hypothetical so i have an excuse to carry a big scary gun? ,not-offensive
6556,0, and when did breitbart become a reliable source of anything? ,not-offensive
6557,0, antinationalist? or antinatalist? also I am not typically interested in basing my focus around being against something bad rather than for something good that directly counteracts or heals the bad thing. imagine if antifa was called prolib laughing out loud ,not-offensive
6558,1,  laughing out loud how on earth do you think antifa needs funds for anything? kicking nazis is free and business is booming ,offensive
6559,1,even obama trade rep acknowledges    trump is cleaning up an old global trade mess    maga  makeamericagreatagain  makeamericaamericaagain  makeamericastrongagain  makeamericasafeagain  makeamericasaneagain ,offensive
6560,0," it was not as if he was bothering her. however, after a moment she looked up from her phone and sighed. I am sorry, growing up the way i did, I am a little bit of a hard ass, when people give me compliments, i apologise because you did not —"""" ",not-offensive
6561,0,"  there is no clear relationship between strict gun control legislation and homicide or violent crime rates.""""  interesting phrasing. and for that particular question swearer goes overwhelmingly international to disprove a correlation."""" ",not-offensive
6562,0, what do you expect?  hollyweeders aka hollywood liberals ,not-offensive
6563,0, you are a genuinely cool dude. ,not-offensive
6564,1, they are false. this is what the democrats do best.  confirmkavanaugh  maga  drainthedeepstate ,offensive
6565,1,  yes bitch ,offensive
6566,0, that is not hair. those were polyester fibers because yoda is  or was  a puppet. ,not-offensive
6567,0,  global clash between liberals and conservative. shastrartha style. ,not-offensive
6568,0, glad we have our priorities in order re gun control. ,not-offensive
6569,1,  there are plenty of sane centrist democrat citizens but far leftist politicians and antifa weirdos? no thanks. ,offensive
6570,0, fist pump was for the troops. ,not-offensive
6571,0,  yeah we need gun laws like europe so it is really hard for bad people to get guns.   you people are clueless about guns ,not-offensive
6572,1, fuck you it is 3 ,offensive
6573,0,  most americans find any of this hard to believe...30 plus yrs later.  another justice thomas hit job by the media and liberals? ,not-offensive
6574,1,  guess who is really perpetuating all this garbage??  liberals ,offensive
6575,0,                   followed all patriots and retweeted ,not-offensive
6576,0,     that was in the mid 80s for god’s sake. i suppose next you will be blaming gordon brown’s gross errors on churchill’s taking us back onto the gold standadd. ,not-offensive
6577,0,   that is actually a compliment since she is one of the biggest artists out today. thanks smiling face with open mouth ,not-offensive
6578,0,                   followed all patriots. please follow back.  maga 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
6579,0, he is jeopardizing our security!  if he wants to show he favors transparency he can instead  release his taxes! ,not-offensive
6580,1, does not “myth” mean something that is not true? thinking face... hmmmm .. hollyweird liberals should stick to make believe world..  dummies backhand index pointing down ,offensive
6581,0,  she is! ,not-offensive
6582,0,  he is a joke. ,not-offensive
6583,0,asmr eel sushi salmon sushi  eating sounds  *big bites no talking | yaya asmr ,not-offensive
6584,0,  what an interview evanne!!! so honest and right from the heart. really moving to hear your personal thoughts on crucial aspects of your life. fair play to you. you are an amazing person. ,not-offensive
6585,0,  hey taravat are you interested to meet with an immigration lawyer please let me know he will help you out to get your citizenship to get your canadien citizenshop he is one of the best of the best lawyer ever.... ,not-offensive
6586,0,         her or someone similar..  pm me if you want to talk to jrm face to face by the way ,not-offensive
6587,1,   haha yeah funny communists liberals destroying usa want usa2  like venezuela china north korea perhaps why not just move2 your perfect country instead of desperately trying 2destroy the usa that my founding fathers fought died 4 our freedom! she would blood for ungrateful communists! ,offensive
6588,0,   then what is gun control? ,not-offensive
6589,0,        fair point   let me restate   many  liberals *tend* towards using evidence of prejudice and discrimination as a justification for treating distinction between citizens and migrants as arbitrary. ,not-offensive
6590,0,  jack nicas just covered up for google. they basically scratch each other’s back to sell the globalist agenda. people now get a rare glimpse into the fake news media ,not-offensive
6591,0,           he looks familiar....serial female abuser maybe?? ,not-offensive
6592,1,  why would they drag their feet? if they had something on you  which there is not ...it be out by now. total witch hunt!  maga  bestpres45 ,offensive
6593,0, michael avanetti  msp?  said something similar today. he is two more great tweets away from a follow. ,not-offensive
6594,0, antifa are defined by one striking statistic   virtually none are parents. why? ,not-offensive
6595,1, the are batshit crazy. ,offensive
6596,1,   are you fucking serious?  i am italian!  talk to my father who was born in sicily of your ridiculous notions.  you are an idiot!  why do you think the left as antifa?  stands for anti fascism!  dictators are right wing! ,offensive
6597,1, you all need to know that she is human being and knew mac for so many years and was in a relationship with him. she is grieving. she does not have post something to prove that. and it is not her fault he died like damn! stop blaming this poor girl. his addiction killed him. ,offensive
6598,0, this kind of meme just drives me further away from the conservatives. my mother and father are rolling in their proverbial...you know. they would be disappointed in the lowness of it all. ,not-offensive
6599,1,  bet ford is a part of antifa and the berkeley gang ,offensive
6600,1, no she was mumbling i could not hear shit she literally spoke w hand signs ,offensive
6601,0,2be clear i fully support free speech.  but especially when libertarians and conservatives are being silenced i do not want to read leftist trash talk in my timeline.  i do not want them censored.  i just do not remember following them.  but it is enough that i can personally block. ,not-offensive
6602,1,  who is the ring leader of the brain dead sheep. time to turn it back on him. ,offensive
6603,0,    i never said no one died in sa juan..i said she is only in charge of one town out of 78...do not get me wrong many people to blame...in the case of ricardo rosello he is terrified of trump and wants to please him at all because.  I am sure roselló and trump knew the count was higher ,not-offensive
6604,0,                                 why are we engaging a brit antifa again? i lost track. ,not-offensive
6605,0,   they are a dying party. split between nationalists and conservatives is not going to hold too much longer. they just have no real cohesive ideology anymore. it is simply my team is better than your team. ,not-offensive
6606,0,  so we should cater to collins and murkowski and only do what they approve. abandon what conservatives want and then expect them to vote for you anyways. that is insanity. ,not-offensive
6607,0, convincing conservatives  loosely defined  to have this change of mindset is definitively crucial to win. and the change will come regardless anyway...it is just a matter of it it will come before it is already too late. ,not-offensive
6608,0,"  trump addresses gun control representing the nra.  i will not let you down"""" he says. ",not-offensive
6609,0, let us hunt for it 🤨 ,not-offensive
6610,0,  jen does not wear pearls.  and what she is ‘clutching’ is justice and righteousness and the hope that we all can do better and be more than we are in these horrific moments. ,not-offensive
6611,0, take a vacation!   wwg1wga   maga ,not-offensive
6612,0, i condemn israeli actions on the basis of international law. when you count angels on the head of a pin you are doomed to endless debate and mind games. ,not-offensive
6613,0,  so you are not covered even at 350? ,not-offensive
6614,0, they have to. now that she is the one who has not left family in terrible times. ,not-offensive
6615,1, did not me too woman molest a young boy. and the next day they were forgiving her. hypocrisy thrives in celebrity circles. ,offensive
6616,0,   how could anyone want to vote for a democrat who wants open borders and gun control ,not-offensive
6617,1,   it is difficult to talk to liberals like you with a serious mental disorder read the book by michael savage liberalism is a mental disorder check it out on amazon ,offensive
6618,1, this is so fuckingndbs funnyhejs ,offensive
6619,0," glad I am off both teams""""   michelle obama and bet!"""" ",not-offensive
6620,0,   she is still on there for now. ,not-offensive
6621,0, once again as lt governor of california you are concentrating on another country. how about focusing on california constituents and fix the ever increasing taxes and regulations  this will double our electricity bill rates!  ,not-offensive
6622,1,    *accept.   i do not hate men. i do not hate conservatives.   i hate stupid. and i hate hypocrites. and the fact that you think being a conservative matters at all in this matter means to me that you are not so much into law and order as you think you are. ,offensive
6623,0,   brexit has split the conservatives and labour remains devided and leaderless on the subject. the tuc is split across unions and uk is in danger of fragmenting. surely the only way to unite us is to vote on the final exit deal wto v remain. meanwhile listen to all options evenly. ,not-offensive
6624,0, does skip realize that by saying you should become a professional tweeter that he is kind of shitting on sports casters?  how many td receptions skip have this year? ,not-offensive
6625,0, is beto pro 2a or is he for gun control? where does he stand? ,not-offensive
6626,0,  gun control laws that do not have any control on guns.  hopefully a new mayor and government support can help the city. god bless this woman and her family. ,not-offensive
6627,0, antifa to the rescue laughing out loud ,not-offensive
6628,0, if she is refusing to come forward how will this allegation from years ago be nvestigated??  nothing but obstruction and lies.    confirmkavanaugh ,not-offensive
6629,0,  condemning antifa violence is fine too bro ,not-offensive
6630,1, go out like seinfeld and cancel the series while it is hot! jk do not you fucking dare. this better have a 50 issue plan. ,offensive
6631,1,  we will we have been fucked by bama twice since we got here so we are almost tru fans ,offensive
6632,1, please watch the story of welles crowther. he is a hero.  you are simply an asshole. be ashamed ,offensive
6633,0,"    so handsome you are! i think people should donate the  shoes to our homeless veterans and other homeless americans, after they sew a no"""" circle over the emblem."""" ",not-offensive
6634,1,  you were on the same stage as farrakhan. you total hypocrite. you are pathetic. ,offensive
6635,0, go home has been ,not-offensive
6636,0," and today they do not even wear hoods. they are actually proud to show their faces. unless of course it is their  terrorist  wing the antifa or their crybaby wing the  resistance"""". ",not-offensive
6637,1, she is a parasitic lump ,offensive
6638,0, how much money has the conservatives promised for housing over the last ten years ? and how many houses have actually been built. there promises do not add up. ,not-offensive
6639,1,   my auto correct gggrrr she is a *crazy witch* ,offensive
6640,0, i believe you are correct chico the wise chihuahua!!red heart️red heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
6641,1,   republicans platform    take away healthcare  harm the environment   take away children  take away women’s rights  do not believe in rule of law  voter suppression   gerrymandering   take away social security   no limits to gun control  explodes the budget   voteblue2018 ,offensive
6642,0, love it  maga ,not-offensive
6643,0,  he should just stick to sports but liberals can not help themselves. ,not-offensive
6644,0,                                                 the bus and the kitty are not very nice individuals! ,not-offensive
6645,0,  new people's army from the philippines is being helped by antifa in the usa and vice versa i suggest you send this to the philippine government contingent. they need to know about this! ,not-offensive
6646,0, wind has become the true anti fascist! long live comrade wind against you.s. imperialist and capitalist hegemony!!!!!  antifa  socialism ,not-offensive
6647,1,    i was not proposing scare tactics. i really meant what i said. trump can easily pull the good maga republicans and can easily steal enough votes from gop dem and independents and will bring fresh breath to our rotten politics. think about it. ,offensive
6648,0,  crazy frog is antifa that is canon ,not-offensive
6649,0,   you are so pretty!!?? ,not-offensive
6650,0, i wish liberals would keep their promises ,not-offensive
6651,0, if they admitted they are lead by and  cater to sex criminals exclusively it would be harder to condemn liberals and leftists as degenerate deviant cultural marxists ,not-offensive
6652,0,"  you said that conservatives who passionately complained about deficits are now driving this speeding dump truck"""". now suddenly """"r's"""" are the subject? that is what i thought. conservatives were complaining about the """"rs"""" as well"""" ",not-offensive
6653,0, yep i was chatting to them about the clubs i wanted to join at uni and they said i should join antifa as it was something they did as kids ,not-offensive
6654,1, laugh my ass off man people were talking so much shit yesterday. any comment marvel stan twitter? moe overused thanos jokes or... ,offensive
6655,0, or you are the wind between my cheeks! ,not-offensive
6656,0, we need complete and total gun control now. philly needs to follow in the footsteps as chicago and london.  democraticsocialismnow  nomoreguns ,not-offensive
6657,0,  come on! even 35 years later and do not remember any actual details of the event?  this is nothing but another liberal doing whatever it takes to stop a conservative. the real shame here is seeing what liberals will do to get their way. you should be the one that should feel ashamed ,not-offensive
6658,0, duck ass shit not funny ,not-offensive
6659,0,           a fad is a fad ,not-offensive
6660,1,   fk river you are a sick individual. get a life or make the world a better place or end yours. no loss trash in my humble opinion ,offensive
6661,1, slap the shit outta her ,offensive
6662,1,       any critique of bernie’s objectively horrible record on gun control is met with   “he is from a rural state” or “he has a d  from the nra”  as if i give a fuck why his record is horrible.   and then there is this stupid shit  ,offensive
6663,1, he needs to be placed naked in the stocks in stockholm while the swedish people sik heil his backside. ,offensive
6664,0,    botox treatments? ,not-offensive
6665,1,  you people calling everyone nazis under the sun becomes tiring and stupid frankly. you people called zena bash a nazi and it turns out she is half mexican and polish descent and her family barely escaped death from the nazis. so keep it up desensitize that word. ,offensive
6666,0, does jimmy have to clear his monologues with these producers to ensure nbc is tear free? ,not-offensive
6667,1,"   conservatives are whining"""". there, i fixed the typo for you."""" ",offensive
6668,0,  is behind this. she is eating up profits. they must have their h1b! ,not-offensive
6669,0, glad you are at least safe! sorry to hear about this whole mess confused face ,not-offensive
6670,1, the fact that he is still a nominee is disgusting ,offensive
6671,0, you should collab with  he makes minecraft and fortnite videos! he is really nice and so fun you should try it! ,not-offensive
6672,0," rip the promotion you are trying to access has ended"""" shows up"""" ",not-offensive
6673,1,  occupy wall street.....where women got raped ,offensive
6674,0,  mitch...that is not true...a big thing would be to remove all you gop nra shills from office and elect people who understand what america wants....the majority of americans wants sensible gun control. ,not-offensive
6675,0,  this is how libs circle the wagons and protect each other. ,not-offensive
6676,0,  what about the game clincher. he beat the receiver by 5 yards yet the ball was long by 4 yards. game was over if that catch happpen. he gives us another dimension. he is a problem when we align 4 receivers and audible to a run. ,not-offensive
6677,0, humanrights   these nuns buy stock in gun companies to fight for gun safety via  ,not-offensive
6678,0,   violent liberals antifa with their kkk hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about is exactly what comes to mind when dems say they care about anything. either you care about human life or you have people beat up. my black conservatives friend has been attacked by them. ,not-offensive
6679,0, conservatives have no class. how is andy the failed insurance huckster doing these days? ,not-offensive
6680,0,   lmao! you call this courage ? courageous act will be she tearing apart say quran and then you claiming she is your kind of woman   . majority of hindus still do not get offended by such acts no matter what msm is showing these days ,not-offensive
6681,1, it is amazing how the democrats are always leading in the cnn polls.  all the liberals live for is the polls that they control.  liberals are insane. ,offensive
6682,1,  this is the dumbest shit I have read since i slent the morning reading trump tweets. ,offensive
6683,1, what the fuck you are so gorgeous I am actually sobbing ,offensive
6684,0,evidence based  cdc  cdc7words  bannedwords  orwell  doubleplusgoodspeak  maga  trumphasdementia ,not-offensive
6685,0,antifa scumbag trying to explain why trump is to a black trump supporter pr  topbuzz ,not-offensive
6686,0, we do not want socialism. we do not want open borders. we want better gun control laws. we want our immigration laws fixed. the buying power of our dollar has decreased since trump took office. we want healthcare for everyone but that does not mean we want socialism for everything. ,not-offensive
6687,1, ouch! ,offensive
6688,0, her last name says a lot mess! ,not-offensive
6689,0,    democrat=antifa. same bunch. ,not-offensive
6690,0, i like that... primatives.. perfectly describes the democrats and liberals  metoo  resist  antifa ,not-offensive
6691,0, this reminds me of conservatives wanting to know if monica was on her back or her knees. is it really needed to decide these guys are sleeze bags? ,not-offensive
6692,1," i do not have anymore excuse me what the fuck"""" memes."""" ",offensive
6693,1,  I will answer for you!!  when you have a different opinion to them you are a racist...when they lose an argument you are a racist...if you love britain you are a racist...liberals are week people...it takes a strong person to to not be one of the sheep ,offensive
6694,0, maybe the gangs will in chicago will show up and discuss you philosophy on guns and gun control or sensible gun legislative measures. since you are from chicago and chicago is the home of gun violence in the us. ,not-offensive
6695,0, donald trump as president ,not-offensive
6696,0, guilty until proven innocent...right..? ,not-offensive
6697,0,    conservative women are invisible to liberals. it makes us stealth. we are actually what feminists aspire to be. we know what we think. we know what we expect. we vote. and that is our superpower. ,not-offensive
6698,0, bless their little entitlement selves. i will never watch another game. ,not-offensive
6699,0,"susan collins  'puzzling' why kavanaugh allegation came so late""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
6700,0,                                                 you are a glutton for punishment. you will never see eye to eye with any blue wave drinker on this topic. till you agree to ban all guns. especially the scary ones. ,not-offensive
6701,0,    better check your history jr. look back at nazi germany and and compare them to antifa they are a direct match. and the democrat party is but 1 step behind. ,not-offensive
6702,1, he was almost....almost as bad as obama! ,offensive
6703,0, who is cheney? you are the second person who mentioned her and i have no idea who she is ,not-offensive
6704,0,  wow this was the most civil gun control debate arguement I have even seen on twitter ,not-offensive
6705,0, at least you know your president is not gay obama ,not-offensive
6706,1, i will beat your ass. ,offensive
6707,1, he trashed himself it was ugly.......did not hurt trump. ,offensive
6708,0,  I am a boise state fan so i can tell you two things about kellen moore. he is a winner and he is cerebral. knows he does not have a cannon for an arm so he fits his game into his ability. what is wrong with that? not everyone can be aaron rodgers. ,not-offensive
6709,0, my son do not know his he is better off dead nice message tho your heart was in a good place ,not-offensive
6710,0, why would kerry want to appear to be talking to the iranians. there is no doubt he is trying to talk them into waiting out trump. that is treason in my book to feel that you think you know better what the us policy should be than the us gov't. promoting his book for personal gain! ,not-offensive
6711,1, i hope this shit does not become a trend. keep the beef on wax homie. or at least call and yell at each other on hot 97 like 50nand cam did ,offensive
6712,1, he and obama must be copying each other does any democrat have their own thought please !!! ,offensive
6713,0,   i was just going through my tl and i saw this. there are no words she is such a sweetheart this is so horribly sad. may her family find the strength. ,not-offensive
6714,1, and they should face consequences. ,offensive
6715,1, that is exactly what his ass gets lmaoo ,offensive
6716,0," 0.05    narrator  it was at this moment antifa knew... xhe zhe had fucked up..."""""""" ",not-offensive
6717,0, do not judge us mainers by this  clearly insane  proclamation. he is off his pins. ,not-offensive
6718,1, holder should be in prison ,offensive
6719,0, it sure is. hope he is in the grand final side ,not-offensive
6720,1, ...her background is being kept under wraps...chance she is a rabid maga...as most cops are! law enforcement entities are attempting to keep quite those who are in trouble and who are maga's... ,offensive
6721,0,          do not forget  ,not-offensive
6722,0, a curly fry in horsey sauce at arbys and a fry frosty at wendys is how you fast food. ,not-offensive
6723,0," keep it coming my dear president obama!  your words are powerful because of the stellar man that you are.  i sometimes think that he is more of prophet"""" than a president in all the wise words he thinks about and speaks about.heart suit"""" ",not-offensive
6724,1, he is phony and opportunist. look at the millions he is making out of gullible people. let us see if he donates millions he has to help his hometown. oh well its people’s money they use. their money is untouchable ,offensive
6725,0,   perhaps she is promised position or money? ,not-offensive
6726,0,   i will be looking to invest offshore after this ,not-offensive
6727,1, good lird she is a disgusting representation of a human being ,offensive
6728,1, these people are the worst kind of criminal playing off the emotions of their base fueling hatred in this country with insane rhetoric. playing constant mind games to because anger is not helping their because some liberals are catching on. ,offensive
6729,0, like antifa. ,not-offensive
6730,0, i am not running off so to speak. it is just how it works. you are all healed. my job is done. it is the way of our world. they are expecting me back.   sighs and takes a deep breath before straightening out the non existent wrinkle in my shirt  ,not-offensive
6731,1,  i saw that but i do not think that is a tattoo. it looks like that fuckin fashion fabric string or some shit. idk. might not me but that ass looks exactly like hers ha ,offensive
6732,1, yea shit sucks that is why i stopped watching anime mostly ,offensive
6733,0, he is flexed bicepsflexed bicepsflexed biceps ,not-offensive
6734,0," damn...that is almost as old as i am!  then again, he is from utah, and he does what career politicians do...appeal to his base""""!"""" ",not-offensive
6735,0,10. new gun control laws 11. term limits 12. eliminate lifetime salaries for politicians 13. same medical benefits as any other federal employee 14. federal holiday on election days 15. a review of presidential powers of pardon ,not-offensive
6736,1,    coward  answer question  what have i posted on  that is not factual   as a staunch conservative and pro israel i post  positive facts to counter canadian media helping liberal trudeau assault on conservatives and israel.   you are either ignorant or a liar. ,offensive
6737,0,"can we pass a new law, if your sexually assaulted"""" you have one year to come forward or you shut up. all the """"brave"""" larry nassar victims 2 to 20 years to report. now this democratic  fakenews women. it is fake and we need protection.  maga  trump  wwg1wga  qanon  kavanaugh"""" ",not-offensive
6738,0,  she is a future world champion! ,not-offensive
6739,1,   think about   trumper supporters have to hide their support for trump and or take the life into their own hands if they go out w trump  maga hat on it never was like this in the america i remember.  we could have our own political beliefs but still be civil and cordial! upsetting ,offensive
6740,0,"roy moore"""" """"kavanaugh accuser"""" """"jeff bezos"""" """"dr. melissa bunny"""" """"satire"""" """"distant past allegations""""  drellenbrandt  maga to most republicans   and other sane people   all allegations from the far distant past are equally credible   or incredible. rabbitrabbitrabbit ",not-offensive
6741,0,"          no, I am 100  sure you are watching right wingers posting things only. and think you see discrepancies in narratives""""?  what i posted was not """"approved antifa video"""" at all. there is no such organization. what it was was a popular youtuber examing what antifa is without any bias."""" ",not-offensive
6742,0,"    i am for the kneel. my sisters perspective is when you are on the job do your job."""" i take that to mean they are not allowed to peacefully protest """"on the job."""" i disagree."""" ",not-offensive
6743,0, she is off making weird gestures between the two of them. “we. we should be friends then unless it is weird to be friends with your employees.” ,not-offensive
6744,0,   anything to say?  ,not-offensive
6745,0, the deceit of liberals. ,not-offensive
6746,0,     socialists politics that stand up for the downtrodden. and well done for conflating criticism of israel with anti semitism. you are also part of the problem. ,not-offensive
6747,0,           we all had fun!loved watching eyes light up w excitement when he used their names as they asked questionssmiling face with heart eyesyes!he is talking to you!smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
6748,0, ny18 faso nra scores 2016    nra   candidate positions on gun rights    93  2000    nra political victory fund   lifetime score    a+ 1998    nra political victory fund   positions on gun rights    a++ 1997    new yorkers against gun violence   gun control score    0  ,not-offensive
6749,0,  i do not like the idea of supporting this company. ,not-offensive
6750,0,    it is horrific adam. look at the way the conservatives’ endorsement of orban has been waved through   it should be a source of national shame. but it is the norm. ,not-offensive
6751,1, you do mean the bernie assholes that stayed home ,offensive
6752,1," just think. she is infinitely funnier than you. obviously..d'uh huh."""" face with open mouth"""" ",offensive
6753,0,  they need to add more gun control laws and democrats to run things.  they have more of both than areas with much much less crime. ,not-offensive
6754,1,  you religious conservatives need to stop trying to shame women for expressing themselves.  it is disgraceful ,offensive
6755,0, welcome to  britain ,not-offensive
6756,1,    the educational system is controlled by liberals and works to enslave the minds of our children. the chains of mental enslavement must be removed in order to save the future of our great nation 🇺🇸 ,offensive
6757,0,... and the rino speaks... again  sassy has been one of the most frequent and vocal critics of trump policies – calling out trump for his handling of issues ranging from gun control to tariffs   thinks about quitting   do not the doordoorhit you  foxnews ,not-offensive
6758,0,  ask antifa   which one they like and respect ,not-offensive
6759,1,  liberals are sick people! ,offensive
6760,1,  she is a clown face ,offensive
6761,0, 60 minutes is the one that had bragged about her and her story.   you guys thought it was great she was female ceo.  that was your story.  now she is the evil one.  cbs   why do not you verify before your reporting?? ,not-offensive
6762,0,  demorats hold conservativesandgop to a higher standard than they hold themselves to ,not-offensive
6763,0, i hope you are liking the cooler weather. my husband and i are going to watch the other hellboys before we see yours in the theatre. we are both excited!! ,not-offensive
6764,0," it is easily digestible content.   there is no need for nuance or to even understand the story.  they can show a picture of an antifa"""" and get the base level emotional response their content requires in order to be profitable."""" ",not-offensive
6765,0," looking at her lawyer i bet she is really into it"""" already!"""" ",not-offensive
6766,1, clapping handslight skin tone good job  sarcasm . also great they have gun control laws it is saving lives!  more sarcasm . ,offensive
6767,0,         preach it! god's people deserve better!  ,not-offensive
6768,0, dump mastercard ,not-offensive
6769,1,    yes. yes he is! ,offensive
6770,0,   what a surprise.... same as antifa. blm and so on and so on. soros is americas worst enemy in history. he believes the only way to take down the usa is from withing. and hes right. but it is not gunna happen. ,not-offensive
6771,0,   i know a man who went to prison at 18 for killing a cow.  he took the hind quarter home  he was given 5yr. he is over 50. why should he not be able to vote. do not talk pardon. they are seldom given. ,not-offensive
6772,1, doing soooo much better than the big zero and his losers ,offensive
6773,0, just what would she lose  she is a hero with the cuckoo class ,not-offensive
6774,1,   ...unless you are good with an accused rapist sitting on the highest bench in the land. I am sure your female constituents would love to hear you explain that away... ,offensive
6775,0,1. we all want affordable health care for everyone. liberals want it so badly they are willing to change the facts to produce the theory. that is false science. the correct thing is to change the theory to accommodate the facts. that is science. ,not-offensive
6776,0," that is why you will always hear the  say vague words like billionaires""""   while we will say actual names  like bezos, zuckerberg, soros, xi, purdue   all fund the  name a billionaire wall streeter funding the conservatives? name one! who is corrupt? really?"""" ",not-offensive
6777,0,  thanks david. was always helpful and inspiring when i was a student. he is greatly missed. ,not-offensive
6778,0,  well uk had gun control and were over here fighting for it for the past like 4 years so ,not-offensive
6779,1,     you are a fool.  denying ones free speech is deny all of our free speech. ,offensive
6780,1," unhinged.""""  no, he is just a fat pos slob who lucked out going against conservatives making tons of money in the process, as an opertunist. a very smart opertiunist who knows how to use and shovel bs to the liberal left.  it is good business these days and he is eating it all up."""" ",offensive
6781,1,  levi’s just came out in support of student gun control activists.  now the trumpers will be burning their jeans as well as their sneakers! ,offensive
6782,1, why not begin the movement by giving away some of the farms and mine claims you and your connections took while you were still relevant. that way  we can show your concern for us. from where i am standing  you are just another bitter polutician. charity begins at home baba. ,offensive
6783,0,     outside of antifa. all could be supported. no one wants to tear down the military. ,not-offensive
6784,0, what I am saying mgk is claiming he is the modern best but his stuff now is not what ems was 10 years ago ,not-offensive
6785,0, I have actually never seen got but i know who he is and i still died ,not-offensive
6786,0, surprised because they look like females in antifa. ,not-offensive
6787,0, coast guard put out a tweet they pulled that dude off the response team and are “dealing with it”. he wanted to b famous now he is. ,not-offensive
6788,0,the unafraid and unscathed  bringing hope and change all around the world!  maga  nokosoko north korea's kim jong un agrees to shut missile site   bbc news ,not-offensive
6789,0,  no. he is actually bald ,not-offensive
6790,0, plelleeaaaaseeeee i literally sobbed so hard at this screen who does he think he is looking so beautiful while he sleeeeeeeps ,not-offensive
6791,0, ..aand there is your answer.. ,not-offensive
6792,0, peoplesvote   brexit   stopbrexitsavebritain   stopbrexit   brexitshambles  a good example of our intent we. even the goverment does not like paying taxes..  ,not-offensive
6793,1,  fascists of the future will call themselves anti fascist.  antifa comes to mind. ,offensive
6794,0, something went down she is hiding. ,not-offensive
6795,1,  touché...but wait till he flashes the white supremacistOK handmedium light skin tonesign letting his sound crew know he can hear himself in his ear piece. heads will roll...person facepalmingmedium skin tone‍female sign️person facepalmingmedium skin tone‍male sign️ ,offensive
6796,1, what the fuck? you do not care about your friend? you are not a real friend then person facepalmingmedium skin tone‍male sign️ he not losing anyone special then because you can not even be a real friend and that is sad ,offensive
6797,0, he is vile. ,not-offensive
6798,0,  mr. woods....please help if you will.   has published an antifa target list on his twitter account with names of high profile and other trump supporters. i have reported this to twitter. they have not suspended his account. ,not-offensive
6799,0,".i think it is time we stopped being polite to and about the left. they are not good people, they are walking filth. small l"""" liberals are their stooges, who do not see they are being used to destroy this country."""" ",not-offensive
6800,0, you  ‘are you ever going to listen to a different song?’ me  ‘no.’ *turns up volume* ,not-offensive
6801,0,  an airplane you say..no woman falls in love with you when you are a trek star. ,not-offensive
6802,0, 6.5 billion human beings are spare to capacity according to the one world government end game agenda   that 6.5 billion includes 1.5 billion muslims    maga ought'a keep that in both heart and mind    religiousfreedom  republic  freedomandjusticeforall   ,not-offensive
6803,1," well, there is that one idiot you keep thinking will show up in your mirror every sundown when you rise again to walk the night in search of carnage to fill the emptiness where your heart and soul used to be. altho, now ya mention it, lots of other conservatives"""" come to mind too."""" ",offensive
6804,0,stop sign gateway pundit news stop sign   backhand index pointing right judicial committee chair grassley goes off on feinstein – says she refused to join him on call with far left accuser      maga 🇺🇸 ￼￼ 2a  prolife ,not-offensive
6805,1, he is a moron ,offensive
6806,1,     that is my biggest question. do we just widdle away until there is no 2nd amendment left? i do believe in some li amited gun control but i am worried we will be expected to just keep giving into the gun haters. ,offensive
6807,0, need gun control to many ,not-offensive
6808,0, straight up different.  thank joe biden for that one.  i also wonder the outcome if her name had been antifa hill. ,not-offensive
6809,0,  maybe wherw you live?  or maybe conservatives? ,not-offensive
6810,0,    so the ndp and liberals are the same because they are both left? they are two way different parties. for example ndp is way more socialist than the liberals and lean way more left. ,not-offensive
6811,0, yea i think so! she is for the time being thanks for asking    ,not-offensive
6812,0, great job winning this debate tonight !!!! you are clearly the best candidate for us. can not wait to vote for you on tuesday. ,not-offensive
6813,0, heck yeah. and also she is cool ,not-offensive
6814,0, diane feinstein maxine waters hillary clinton  every member of antifa I am sure the demonratic party could provide more examples but you are smarter than me in this realm.    redtsunami  buryblue  startvettingsenators  startvettingcongressmen ,not-offensive
6815,0,  it is amazing how people see things so different! ,not-offensive
6816,1, empty headed bushie who are ,offensive
6817,1, still coverup.  and bet the anonymous writer of op ed in ny times on sept 5th was the ny times itself!!!!  no sr adminstrator of  potus. but cud say it was since refused to name writer ...all to stir up crap within  trump camp!!! and  maga ,offensive
6818,0, dick drunk ..... it is the real deal. ,not-offensive
6819,1,   she is mentally unstable. ,offensive
6820,1,      i had no idea all republicans were nazi racists till trump got elected. imagine my surprise. I am native american so i took it hard finding out i was a racist. was despondent went around punching out antifa to work through my depression. ,offensive
6821,0, i am and I am voting absentee for the first time in a midterm!!  maga ,not-offensive
6822,1, man i would have just started hitting the wall with that shit.  it are not nothing by dry wall and some wood beams.  I am getting through that door if I am him. ,offensive
6823,0,  he would probably get his face bashed in by a horde of angry antifa armed with lead pipes. ,not-offensive
6824,1, bitch i know. my body is ready face with tears of joy ,offensive
6825,0,  why do not ask antifa how safe people feel ? ,not-offensive
6826,0,  gun control?  this is a really good example why it is a bad idea for cops to be the only ones with guns.  having a gun really close is the only thing that might have saved this poor man. ,not-offensive
6827,0, girl he is fine. laughing out loud ,not-offensive
6828,0, he is quite beautiful for what he is ,not-offensive
6829,1, if you go by anything other than he or she you are fucked in the head. ,offensive
6830,0,        what are you opposing? a neutral jurist sitting scotus that weighs merits of a case as presented and determines cotus adherance? metoo=waronmen blm=waroncops antifa=waronsociety abortion=war on poc and poor   liberalismisamentaldisorder  maga   ,not-offensive
6831,0, i was kind of shocked. he is gone now. from my feed at least ,not-offensive
6832,0, at this point it is like saying it is “too soon to talk about gun control” after a school shooting. there is not any “too soon” anymore with gun control or climate change at the rate that things are effecting us. ,not-offensive
6833,0,.  advocating gun control right now. cars kill as does drunk drivers. how about banning cars and alcohol? ,not-offensive
6834,0,     he is crying in his pic or tum hs rhi ho pouting facepouting face ,not-offensive
6835,1, does not suffer fools and has seen enough shit to last nine lives. ,offensive
6836,1,1. end the war on drugs 2. slash the shit out of taxes across the board 3. repeal unconstitutional gun control laws ,offensive
6837,1, and the factory’s coming back you do n a movie on that... sum worth do n.. because just sling shit shows no intelligence.. ,offensive
6838,1,      you are a dope. a delusional libtard. ask the govoner of puerto rico about the fantastic response by our president  ,offensive
6839,1, anyone else think she is a lying opportunist?  yeah... metoo ,offensive
6840,0,"this is what a 'higher' education buys you for   300,000 ! that is why they call it liberal arts""""   saveamericafromdemocrats   voteredtosaveamerica   kag2018   maga ",not-offensive
6841,0, its still not being updated . scrapers will get less and less until none are left ,not-offensive
6842,0, blatantly lie much ,not-offensive
6843,1,   lol. it is funny how you assumed i only have those qualifications. typical black tweep. when they are losing a debate they assume the other party is lower than them. “that is why you are broke.” “stay there with your debt.” yet they have never met the person. face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
6844,0,  both labour and lib dems are 'remain' parties. if you want to leave the eu the only option is the conservatives. just saying. ,not-offensive
6845,0,  saddest thing I have read today is conservatives claiming kavanaugh's presumed innocent. wrong. this is a confirmation hearing where he has to prove he has the character to sit on the highest court for life. this is not a criminal trial.   tim koontz ,not-offensive
6846,0,  this video made me join antifa. ,not-offensive
6847,0,                rich you are my og follower..i had 2 311 fans follow me first but they have hardly ever tweeted..so you get the honors ,not-offensive
6848,0,  then let the proud boys back on or get rid of antifa. lies until one of those two choices comes to fruition. be the man your parents expected you to be. ,not-offensive
6849,0, us conservatives hope he does. ,not-offensive
6850,1, hell yeah it fuckig is ,offensive
6851,1, another falsehood. i do not think anyone wants to abolish the 2nd amendment. a growing majority want sensible gun control in the form of better background checks and the banning of assault rifles. trump will say and do anything to rile his base. more snake oil. ,offensive
6852,0, does not matter to us. we gave up on the nfl over a year ago. ,not-offensive
6853,0, jimin ssi i hope you know you are an angel. i love you so much. you are always amazing ,not-offensive
6854,0,  boo hoo hoo you lose ,not-offensive
6855,0, does not canada need it is comedians back. ,not-offensive
6856,0,ahh i miss them sm red heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
6857,0, glad i basically never watch the nfl. ,not-offensive
6858,1,  why did not zac goldsmith of the faux conservative party use this?  why did not faux conservative party use khan's defense of 9 11 organiser?  why are the conservatives so f*cking useless? if you ask me it is deliberate as they share labour's agenda or are they just that useless? ,offensive
6859,0, by screaming at the officials or by throwing her racket? I am confused. ,not-offensive
6860,0, right you are!!! ,not-offensive
6861,0,  he will not!  he will do just like mitch mcconnell and never mention the good that  has accomplished. ,not-offensive
6862,1,*waits for a buncha braindead rednecks to burn the levi's that they are wearing and get hauled off to the er en masse* ,offensive
6863,0, what a handsome boy! reminds me of one of my fosters a little bit. sorry i do not have a better picture   she is one of the ones that got away. I would have 20 if i could. ,not-offensive
6864,0, remember that time  cited a very clearly and well known fake antifa account in your paper? good times. ,not-offensive
6865,0,      the fine people he was referring to were the military vets and others who had a legal permit to protest the removal of a historical statue. that is not good enough? by your standards the counter protesters were all antifa. ,not-offensive
6866,1, are you saying they will become another victim of the clinton’s? ,offensive
6867,0,"  sadder still, these guys exist because of a bunch of far left children that dress like isis, burn flags and attack journalists.  yet our young leftists activists posing as journalists"""" do not even cover the group  antifa that does all of the violence. talk about bizarro world!"""" ",not-offensive
6868,0, and i think australia has  gun control and less firearm shootings. ,not-offensive
6869,0, grover is antifa and keeps changing his appearance to hide from the government.   ,not-offensive
6870,1, fantastic!!!  the alamo is sacred to us. she is a blight on the history of time. better left erased!!  🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,offensive
6871,0, i hate steffy.......why because she always gets what she wants and does not care how she does it or who she hurts!!! i knew her giving hope to liam was to good to be true.  she is such a b   h. ,not-offensive
6872,0, awesome job mr. president trump!!  maga ,not-offensive
6873,0,  if everyone of them own guns would they feel the same way about gun control? ,not-offensive
6874,0, i guess you all looking wrong or looking for wrong thing... my girl was walking when started dating... about 2 yrs in she is physically handicapped... I am still w her... no sex... just love for her and her spirit... ,not-offensive
6875,0,  i hope the nfl folds! ,not-offensive
6876,0,            why do you keep telling this lie? there were ppl there that did not belong to antifa kkk that were just there supporting or not supporting the statues staying or going. dems love repeating lies because they have nothing else. do you repeat hands up do not shoot too? probably. ,not-offensive
6877,0, sweet lawd she is beautiful ,not-offensive
6878,0, andrew .... what is your position on gun control in canada ? ,not-offensive
6879,0," your lord and master... blah blah blah"""" liberals are so over the top dramatic about everythingsmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes ",not-offensive
6880,0, there is false reports of an antifa professor who was assaulted 36 ish  she can not quite recall  years ago by an upstanding scotus nominee. you should look into that. ,not-offensive
6881,1,  what does juan contribute on fox? we all know which side of the fence he plays on. pretty much know what he is going 2 say. listening 2 him is like watching paint dry. i have better thgs 2 doangry facenauseated face ,offensive
6882,0, he is normalizing  ,not-offensive
6883,0,  he is with her. trust that jesus has her in the palm of his hand.  jesusitrustinyou bless you! ,not-offensive
6884,0,  nonsense. ford is doing what he campaign on. and he is doing a damn fine job. it good to see a politician keep his promises push things thru and get the done. the conservative party has plenty of depth and is representing ontarians quite well. ,not-offensive
6885,0,  live dangerously ,not-offensive
6886,0, beautiful booty!!! ,not-offensive
6887,0, wonder if this will be left biased.. never trust a state broadcaster or brainwash kids from the liberals ,not-offensive
6888,1, you!!! need to leave a lot of shit in the past laughing out loud this tweet is literally made for you ,offensive
6889,0,"salesforce billionaire marc benioff buys time for  190 million""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
6890,0, he is jesus ,not-offensive
6891,0, laughing out loud I am sure paul manipulated people last season and we called them followers because they saw the threat and did not do anything..kind of what kaycee and angeela are doing this season..they both want to take tyler all the way knowing how much of a final 2 threat he is..that is following ,not-offensive
6892,0,"  she is right, she is not one of,"""" she is """"the one and only."""""""" ",not-offensive
6893,0,  such a cool synchronicity..it def made my day!  just released a thread w exactly this concept.   deutschebank connection is undoubtedly the pivot point..and  mueller has a crack squad of financial forensics experts on his team w vast db    laundering knowledge.  subpoena  kavanaugh ,not-offensive
6894,0,    he forgot to tell you that during slavery the democrats were conservatives ,not-offensive
6895,0, conservatives try to get votes by promoting freedom and getting government out of your lives.  deep state dems try to get votes by triggering mass shootings and scaring people into voting to have their right to actually defend themselves taken away. ,not-offensive
6896,0, big if true laughing out loud ,not-offensive
6897,0,i wonder if any of the maga people that try to follow me are hoping to maybe get better knowledge or maybe they want to change. and then i go and block them. maybe that is why they never change. person shrugging‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
6898,0, back offf he is my bean ,not-offensive
6899,1,  yeah keep mocking her right into a yes vote ,offensive
6900,0, hey serena...do not do me any favors.  women can take care of themselves.  just hit your tennis balls and take care of your family. ,not-offensive
6901,1,   he will blame it on the fact that he is hispanic of course. ,offensive
6902,0,    that makes no sense. try again.  magamushroom ,not-offensive
6903,0,  ik what other rappers think of him. but only because he is anti drug and honestly i think his music is good. ,not-offensive
6904,0,..ya commie pinko... maga ,not-offensive
6905,0, please shut up ontario is seeing what conservatives stand for  is not helping you loose this province your never going anywhere.. not they you will any way your completely out of tune with canadian mr. harper oops i mean mr. scheer common mistake you so much alike. ,not-offensive
6906,0,  wishing you even more success in the future brave  you are really a true ambassador of pakistan. bless you  thank you. ,not-offensive
6907,0, how much you want to bet they spent these months staging this whole thing.  then announce the week of the voting so they could call for a delay just like they did an hour ago.  waiting to win in nov to stop it   get out to vote  conservatives  maga ,not-offensive
6908,0,  interesting.... somehow the local liberal government has no responsibility in taking care of the local people. ,not-offensive
6909,0,   so have the conservatives accepted the antisemitism definition yet?.. ,not-offensive
6910,0, he is mocking non victims claiming victim hood. ,not-offensive
6911,1,    uses rehab as a place to escape when she is in trouble. she makes jokes of her situation. she should be in jail for assaulting a police officer and threatening to kill him. she is classless. she should leave with boring carole. ,offensive
6912,1, literally sam is quitting smoking mid competition and obviously having some mood swings from it. she is a fantastic human being and you are portraying her as shit and portraying jc as a cute little dude when he groped tyler in his sleep. shame. ,offensive
6913,0,    simonsays jack viney eats bricks for breakfast oncoming fist  favourite moment of the game was melkshams colossal celebration. he is one of our heart and soul players. ,not-offensive
6914,1, he is an evil godless man. ,offensive
6915,0,  is just trying to make good with his libnut elitist hollywood degenerates after the roasted him in the media for questioning vaccine safety. ,not-offensive
6916,1,    is anti gop. he is part of the “trump party” and he is hoping for a pardon for ripping off hard working americans. ,offensive
6917,1, he just does not fit the team now. agholor should stay in the slot because that is where he is successful. jmatt is not an outside threat. ,offensive
6918,0," i think she and her team imagined it all and now she is a victim in hiding from her abuser"""". kavanaugh and his family, friends ever imagined it, never."""" ",not-offensive
6919,1,6 reasons your right wing friend is not budging on gun control ,offensive
6920,1,   that does not change the fact that muslim linda sarsour deliberately sows hate and division. she is a fraud who pretends to support women's rights. does she protest islam's discrimination of women. no. ,offensive
6921,0,                                                 she is not who she claims she is. that is the logical  and humanitarian  explanation. ,not-offensive
6922,0,"  please provide links to huge budget deficits""""?..while you are looking..tell us why harpers deficits were good but you take issue with pmjt lower deficits..take your time..no hurry.."""" ",not-offensive
6923,1,  she is such a disgusting hypocrite! ,offensive
6924,0,     excellent timing! ,not-offensive
6925,0,         cheers  appreciated. ,not-offensive
6926,0,  yes!!!! antifa too!!!! ,not-offensive
6927,1, star tv ,offensive
6928,1,  umm she is a reporter asking a question. the senator is acting like a baby. is this really what adults act like? shame on you cbs. shame. ,offensive
6929,0," no longer on guard, marie smiles warmly. merci. i love when i am compared to my father. i look up to him in many ways."""" she looks down for a moment and then back up. """"he is also my sire. unless you already figured that out."""" she laughs softly.   marie beams at the question. +"""" ",not-offensive
6930,0,   sure. whatever you say random dude. last time i checked having a negative opinion of a media company does not make you antifa. but congratulations on dumbest fucking thing I have heard todaythumbs up ,not-offensive
6931,0, i do not know who she is. ,not-offensive
6932,1, oh my carmen. he is so fricking cute ,offensive
6933,0,  only cares about herself and how she looks doing it ,not-offensive
6934,1, but i thought california had gun control ,offensive
6935,1,  but the president.  he is that bad! ,offensive
6936,0,trying to hide all the evidence face with tears of joysmiling face with sunglasseswriting handeyes  maga  qanon  trump  wwg1wga  qarmy  qalert  magaforallinc  thinking face  toolatesmiling face with sunglasses backhand index pointing down ,not-offensive
6937,0, you are not alone with that    ,not-offensive
6938,1,  it is a pretty awesome movement. imagine if all men's rights wanktavists just fucked off to the woods and spared everyone their bullshit? there would be fewer abusuve relationships and messed up kids. the sooner all the men like that go their own way into the fucking sea the better. ,offensive
6939,1,"    this is great! mark the great one"""" levin and candace """"the great"""" owens together! this team is unbeatable! they just sent liberals into a frenzy again! a whole block of liberal voters just had their heads explode! and...sadly, alyssa milano just wet her pants again! great team!"""" ",offensive
6940,0,"     and a whole lot more deadly than bump stock""""   ",not-offensive
6941,0, he is now full oompa loompa ,not-offensive
6942,1, playing dirty is the only way liberals can win at this point.  they are shameless. ,offensive
6943,0,           man...can not believe we have lost these 2 as of recently. 2 most iconic actors of the 70s. ,not-offensive
6944,1, awesome agree yeah man preach wait... what did i just read? oh shit ,offensive
6945,0, says the man with 18  favorability and will not win so he is retiring!rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
6946,1, trump was walking towards a crowd excited to see him. he was reciprocating the love. that moment was about the reception not 911. it was genuine and honest. barack is nothing more than an actor who fakes crocodile tears to call for gun control. ,offensive
6947,0, va10 voters will not accept a congresswoman who stands with the nra as shooting after shooting devastates communities across the country. we need common sense gun safety laws and we need them now. ,not-offensive
6948,0, haha i doubt that! ,not-offensive
6949,0, gop  republicans  conservatives are now proven male chauvinistic pigs  why any women would  vote for them is astonishing.   kavanaugh ,not-offensive
6950,1,  the hell with the liberals. move them all to california and build a wall on the east border ,offensive
6951,0,  you know it is a good tyr impression when there is a fat typo in it ,not-offensive
6952,1,  antifa are not fascist   they are terrorist ,offensive
6953,1, it also goes to show that all those so called news people that laughed at you are now eating crow. how wonderful it is to watch the looney liberals squirm around like worms drowning in sunshine. ,offensive
6954,0, he is ,not-offensive
6955,1,  who the hell do you think you are little eddie ,offensive
6956,1, bitch i took four years too jdkdkdd ,offensive
6957,1,  just like gun control will not keep guns from the hands of criminals.... ,offensive
6958,0, tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives glowing star  there are over 3 million more people in work with the security of a regular pay packet since 2010.  see how it is changed in your area right arrow️ ,not-offensive
6959,1,"   listened"""". they do not give a shit about what the fans think. all they are doing is counting their fox money."""" ",offensive
6960,1, from your lips to god’s ears antonio. i will do my part. let us hope all conservatives do their part. and stay vigilant at the polls. dems are desperate. there will be fraud. ,offensive
6961,0,"  i think his character rubbed off on my knight. she is somewhat witty like him, such as when she says i do not need to see you when i can smell you"""" to the sith on alderaan. he was a good master."""" ",not-offensive
6962,0,    you are alienating your supporters  disgusted  ,not-offensive
6963,0,   juan williams just called diamond and silk a minstrel show. you know what to do! ,not-offensive
6964,0, banned the nfl ,not-offensive
6965,0, strange how gun control never works criminals will never obey laws i am my own  firstresponder ,not-offensive
6966,0,north korea is being dealt with! nsa hackers have targeted my determined friend  kim sonnuva gun 's computers with a virus that prevents you from killing any active process until it runs to completion  no quitters allowed  maga ,not-offensive
6967,0,  or he raised a hand. smh ,not-offensive
6968,0, only got woman anatomy model and connect crewneck weary faceweary faceweary face ,not-offensive
6969,0, i am a strong supporter of  i believe he is the only president to live up to campaign promises. but to set the record straight he should clarify his comments regarding deaths in puerto rico. it should be on twitter for all people to read. ,not-offensive
6970,0,  he is not good in debate but very good in dancing competition. ,not-offensive
6971,1, everyone in washington including john heinz is being uncovered as the corrupt elites they are...like cockroaches running from the light. ,offensive
6972,0,  those that do not respect the constitution need to be driven out of office.   votedemsout  votered2018    therainmakers  qanon  maga  wwg1wga ,not-offensive
6973,0,5 slain in southern california shootings  gunman kills self  from  another mass shooting.   when will we learn that it is past time to do something about gun control? ,not-offensive
6974,1,  man I am glad i can make you all’s day. i just be saying stupid shit on the fly. i are not trying I am just dumb laugh my ass off ,offensive
6975,1, monte... who fuckin knows at this point ,offensive
6976,0, I am doing really good thank you smiling face️ i hope you are well too. blue heartfolded handsmedium light skin tone be blessed beautiful friend rose sunrise ,not-offensive
6977,0, can i take you to lunch when you are in germany?!  beauty ,not-offensive
6978,0,   so pointing a toy gun at armed police is part of the libs gun control strategy? ,not-offensive
6979,0," ms weaver is incorrect. not once that i am aware, has any informed person who advocates gun control said they want to take away all weapons. semi autos, yes. better registration, yes. better background checks, yes. ms weaver appears to bend"""" the truth to create fear and chaos."""" ",not-offensive
6980,0," how about he start some get informed"""" classes for his uninformed players."""" ",not-offensive
6981,0, yoongi you are the father!!! face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
6982,0, burn  your nike gear.  everyone i know is done buying nike.  oops. conservatives are the ones buying from nike.  after all we r the ones making the money  there is way way more of us    middle fingernike ,not-offensive
6983,1,  who is  sick  of  intitled   racists? ,offensive
6984,0,  doug flutie would be proud. ,not-offensive
6985,0,  please call the vote.   we  conservatives also vote in november. ,not-offensive
6986,0,  you are correct the one lrt line does not but the overall plan does. transit plans need to start some where usually with a back bone line that you can expand upon and tie into other parts. why not start with a heavily used corridor funded by the ont government? ,not-offensive
6987,1, why is she under the white hot spotlight?...she is the victim of this trump like abusive animal...  stopkavanaughnow ,offensive
6988,0, god help us all if she is ,not-offensive
6989,0, how do you know she is not credible? ,not-offensive
6990,0, voting against the progressive agenda. that means gop control of the senate as a must. hopefully the house. and conservatives at the local level to keep progressive agenda out of the public schools. ,not-offensive
6991,1,    somehow i doubt that statistic you just made up in your head. ,offensive
6992,0, he represents the same 1  all other conservatives represent. ,not-offensive
6993,0,  in 2010 the conservatives cut annual funding to build social housing by £2.5bn. today theresa may announced an extra £2bn to build social housing.... spread over the next 10 years! so by 2028 it will be a £33bn cut since 2010 instead of £35bn. no wonder there is a housing crisis 🧐 ,not-offensive
6994,0,    like no one has ever crossed the floor to the liberals.  hypocrite ,not-offensive
6995,0,  wait what??? the conservatives actually showed a little sign of respect?  that is a first. ,not-offensive
6996,1,  she is getting death threats....can you go and be a shield for her so you do not have to wait? ,offensive
6997,1, spoiler alert   this episode has a hidden agenda to promote gun control ,offensive
6998,0,  ask  he know the truth hahaha smiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyes have favoritism person so unfair ,not-offensive
6999,0, he is in a full blown temper  tantrum over manafort. ,not-offensive
7000,0,    drop rn so i can procrastinate more ,not-offensive
7001,0,  this what is the matter with  hollywood and  liberals 🤮 ,not-offensive
7002,0, that food you made was so mf good. thank you!! loudly crying face laughing out loud ,not-offensive
7003,1, that shit weird! laughing out loud ,offensive
7004,1,  why do you have to bring race into this the real racist are democrats and liberals like you. ,offensive
7005,0,sorry right wingers flushed facewinking face”look for a kaepernick sales 'bump' in nike's earnings next week”  nikead  boycottnfl  boycottnike  maga  ,not-offensive
7006,1, he wants his 5 min of fame. ,offensive
7007,0,  ironic then that the women that vouched for kavanagh are not vouching for him anymore. almost like they were originally arranged to vouch for him without knowing his history. huh.  maga  ,not-offensive
7008,0,                  thank you laura for bringing president trump supporters together!  following all  maga patriots! ,not-offensive
7009,0,    i will be over there to visit her tomorrow!! she is awesome!! ,not-offensive
7010,1,  at least you got to experience the 90s though. these 90s and 2000s born missed out on a great decade. it is been an increasingly worse shit show since laughing out loud ,offensive
7011,0,  no way does john lewis have to apologize to anyone he is a hero red heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
7012,1, democratic always use race to divide americans.   conservatives done see color   the democrats only see color  discussing ,offensive
7013,1,  time will tell. not the type to jump on the lefty bandwagon and demonize someone until they have had a fair chance. his policies will either be a huge failure like the liberals and result in losing the next election or they will be a success and ontario will dig out of the hole ,offensive
7014,1,"  great book by leo zagami, pope francis, the last pope?"""" details the breathtaking corruption and evil forces that have been controlling the vatican for decades."""" ",offensive
7015,0,  phil is right socialists are the new fascists like antifa. thanks to soros ,not-offensive
7016,1, embarrassing for the liberals....i wonder who those women raped in schoolface with rolling eyes ,offensive
7017,0,   he is one of those types who has no time  he is a senior partner at a law firm . the issues do not prevent him from driving the vehicle. they are simply annoying. but i do believe that he is taking the car in next month. ,not-offensive
7018,0,     live in canada.  already have great gun control plus a low homicide rate coincidence?  thanks for the advice though. ,not-offensive
7019,1,  the fact that newsweek no longer tries to give both sides of the story but instead only gives the side of  antifa far left liberals and their gods in the  deepstatepanic   take a look at newsweek’s circulation they do not even have enough readers to put out a print edition anymore ,offensive
7020,1,   if she were a true krishn bhakt she would not even care about presence or absence of such laws... she would be above such issues... a typical chandigarh mentality of one up manship she is caged in... call her anything but krishn bhakt.. like who cares about what she is doing ... ,offensive
7021,1," she is saying ben, ben, when the hell are you going to do something more than just tweet crap about djt?"""""""" ",offensive
7022,0,  maga are not going to like that ,not-offensive
7023,0,"us places 33 alleged russian spies and military officials on sanctions blacklist""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
7024,0, I will be watching! i feel like it is less of a ‘by the end of this everyone will stan jake paul’ and more of a ‘analyzing what makes jake paul the way that he is and trying to understand him psychologically’ ,not-offensive
7025,0,  that is funny i do not care who you are ,not-offensive
7026,1,  twitter will be banning a lot more conservatives or anyone that speaks out about the dems or liberals. closer to the elections ,offensive
7027,0,  liberals demonuts will never learn. conservatives always will find the truth and blow their whole story. ,not-offensive
7028,0,"1  here is  as quoted by  factually incorrect on no less than 6 counts  trump is raising taxes not just on democrats, he is raising taxes on  democrats and republican and independents and conservatives and short people and tall people."""""""" ",not-offensive
7029,0, it is a red zone with no tds. ,not-offensive
7030,0, smearing supreme court justices now?   what is next for the ultra left nazis liberals. ,not-offensive
7031,0, only the real ones . ,not-offensive
7032,0,   conservatives have never cared about women or minorities. ,not-offensive
7033,0, it is ok to accuse a person of a sex crime 30 years after it happened for the use of obstructing a hearing for a supreme court justice. you liberals have totally gone batshit crazy. you will not slow down anything.. this november will show you that radical behaviour does not work. ,not-offensive
7034,0, wanted to be sure you saw the latest from conspiracy theorist devin nunes  ,not-offensive
7035,0, holder belongs in jail. ,not-offensive
7036,0,  it is funny what you conservatives consider “facts” ,not-offensive
7037,0, all those fund raising dinner party's with oligarchs and their stories of ripping the old soviet union to pieces for their own personal gain was a light bulb moment for many  .  brexit will be a very lucrative endeavor for most of them. ,not-offensive
7038,0, desperate!  will do whatever it takes to stay relevant even if it means jumping on the hate train!  hasbeen ,not-offensive
7039,0, course in treachery money mouth face ,not-offensive
7040,1, democ rats are pulling the anita hill trick to derail the judge kavanaugh confirmation. it will not work! get over  triumph. you communists will not destroy the usa  maga ,offensive
7041,0,   i have to thank the creator for finding me a bigger list of people to follow.  perhaps now this person can do a search on antifa and other communists infecting youth. ,not-offensive
7042,1, this is just disgusting. but it sounds like you are absolutely right. i do think that even liberals are starting to realize this is all a political game. ,offensive
7043,1,*finally at my sister's apartaments* instant reminder that she is ungrateful brat and I am much more happy without seeing her ,offensive
7044,0, the double life of veronique ,not-offensive
7045,1, i do not support trump. he is an abomination! ,offensive
7046,0,  calling all conservatives get out and vote for cruz!!!!maga!!🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
7047,0, go home and sleep johny. ,not-offensive
7048,1,now she scarred herself for life laughing out loud  maga ,offensive
7049,1,after all the shit dez was talking about jerry and the cowboys he is a fucking clown ass dude if he go back ,offensive
7050,0,                                                  yeah that is why antifa dresses like isis ,not-offensive
7051,0,aaa dibales dongface blowing a kissface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
7052,1, turn them loose and see what happens to her city. people like her is what gives the democrats a bad name. she is risking the entire population of atlanta. wonder how the citizens like it. we will see at the ballot box ,offensive
7053,1,  an accusation is not enough. we are fortunate to live in a country where you are innocent until proven guilty. ,offensive
7054,1, i think other countries are following maga grinning face people are sick of being overrun and then have to pay for it all! ,offensive
7055,1,  a voice from the frontline of domestic violence that the gun lobby cannot drown out.  cdnpoli ,offensive
7056,0, hope you are enjoying strictly training !! ,not-offensive
7057,0, i would be guessing the same thing but at the same time i know the ravens would do their due diligence obviously one would investigate all angles... but maybe not who knows he is quite the head case ,not-offensive
7058,0,   boltey hai na ki jo beef kaate hai uski akal gutno me reti hai n i can expect it brain. he is the pm of my country n yes we celeb his bday every day n it make sense the ppl who offer prayers fr osama bin laden janaza have much of the probs. fewer lives n minds can not be changed. ,not-offensive
7059,1, i can not believe luigi fucking died face blowing a kissweary facered heart️ ,offensive
7060,0,  if you are new to q or interested in q here is a link to the post and watch pursuit of truth on youtube. he is easy to follow.  enjoy the show!! ,not-offensive
7061,1, he did not say that when he raped his daughters friend  16 years old  and not too long after she committed suicide ,offensive
7062,0, conservatives are unable to think critically and   or for themselves.  that is what makes them conservatives.  it is a 20th century thing. ,not-offensive
7063,0,  policies like gun control? the democrats have and  has. ,not-offensive
7064,0, currently ,not-offensive
7065,1,"    you hit them for fucking elo and the reason I am posting this is because he is thee booter exposer"""" just shows you can not believe everyone in this community"""" ",offensive
7066,0,      welcome back home to south africa champ smiling facehugging face. i am sure you are very happy to be back home with all your family and friends smiling facehugging face. enjoy your time here in sa smiling face ,not-offensive
7067,1,  do not disrespect sharpie like that bro it was definitely some off brand shit from the back of a dollar tree loudly crying face ,offensive
7068,0,  oh for heaven's sake. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
7069,0,10th duet with my cutiee angel  face blowing a kisssmiling face with heart eyestwo hearts she is damn awesomee in this two heartstwo hearts her  expressions face blowing a kissjust killing smiling face with heart eyeslove to do this smiling face with heart eyeswinking faceraising hands nly for you  mybubblygirl  anupama  dreamgirl  bco love you my cutiee dolltwo heartsface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
7070,0, get used to it......that is what he says. ,not-offensive
7071,0, but she is allowed to have her own rules. i believe your women should support what you love and put on your fav team jersey and sit next to you. even if she hate football. if she can not do that she are not the one ,not-offensive
7072,1, hollywood  is filled with  satanists  and   pedo's you have the nerve to mock  jesus and  conservatives. see you lowlifes on the unemployment line!!!!! ,offensive
7073,1,  oh shit you went there rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
7074,0," she is never been tortured"""" she was ans still be a crminal, terrorist, must be in jail!"""" ",not-offensive
7075,1, she is a murderer and your whole department should be ashamed of this cover up.  shame on the dallas pd! there is nothing noble or respectable about how your department is handling this situation. you are aiding a criminal and showing you do not care about the citizens of dallas ,offensive
7076,1,  forget michael he is a coward. ,offensive
7077,1,                                                  she is a pathological liar ,offensive
7078,0,  i like alex bowman but he is not a rookie ,not-offensive
7079,0, I am so sorry for his mother's loss.  i can not imagine the grief she is going through. ,not-offensive
7080,1, hubby rushed me *shakes fist* will flick a pic thru this evening when i feed them again. by the way he is still the boss ,offensive
7081,1,  he is a crook  trumptime ,offensive
7082,1,   complete and utter waste of time. liberals ,offensive
7083,0, i get what you are saying brent. but auburn had just lost the sec championship game. you know bowl game are a lot of which team actually wants to be there ,not-offensive
7084,1, i feel you dude it fucking sucks ,offensive
7085,0,   this picture i love it… because it speaks volumes… you are in your element… and you looked peaceful hundred points ,not-offensive
7086,0, we would rather keep bieber than trudeau. you are welcome to trudeau ,not-offensive
7087,1, I have judged that the old woman is an anti semite and joan ryan is right.  you are playing semamtics.  you are a disgrace. ,offensive
7088,0, how about she is related to another creepy fusion gps??? how about that  ?????? ,not-offensive
7089,1,  can go straight the crapper. I will never support another team again. ,offensive
7090,0," did he get on his knees? spends a lot of time getting  down""""...high priced bj giver?  face savouring delicious foodsmiling face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyes"""" ",not-offensive
7091,1, please and that bitch will get popped and end up with a lump like her dumb ass sister skull ,offensive
7092,0,  are conservatives starting to sound like my relatives on facebook or is it the other way around?? ,not-offensive
7093,0,4. foot in the country and have no sense or feel for what is happening on the ground  except from watching telegram and twitter  is like watching football on tv and claiming you understand what the players are going through physically as you are sitting on the couch eating chips ,not-offensive
7094,1, eric holder is an arms dealer and should be in jail how did this ass slip by ,offensive
7095,0, you are probably the best politician I have heard in a long while...wish you were in illinois! ,not-offensive
7096,0,some reading for  maga  time to wake up folks  ,not-offensive
7097,1,"   reputation? reputation? she schitt her reputation away by being an antifa activist! just like good old v.i.lenin said   a scoundrel may be useful because they are a scoundrel""""!"""" ",offensive
7098,1, oppression... we need to start a movement.   could be worse they could be antifa dogs    ,offensive
7099,0, welcome back to  parliament    federal liberals violated own fundraising rules  cdnpoli  ethics   ,not-offensive
7100,0,    totally not the way antifa works. ,not-offensive
7101,0," 2 3 you were on tv claiming to be a journalist when kagan was sitting there and still, you have provided no examples of you berating her for using the ginsberg rule,"""" to evade giving her personal views on hot button cultural topics like gay marriage, abortion or gun control. why?"""" ",not-offensive
7102,0,   unbelievable! ,not-offensive
7103,0, just had a discussion with a friend who works with families on the verge of eviction. she is expecting an increase in the coming months due to days out of work and money spent on hurricane supplies.  thestruggleisreal ,not-offensive
7104,0, energy independence...it is here! thank you  !!! ,not-offensive
7105,0,  wonder if donald jr is next? ,not-offensive
7106,0,22 kids a day shot in usa ? statues of children hiding under desks to silently plead with voters for protection ,not-offensive
7107,1, hey woodward  you are a silly old fart and do not know what is going on in the white house.  you are the one who has reached a mental stage yourself of alzheimers ,offensive
7108,0, same with gun control. chl hiders do not commit gun crimes. same laws with pit bulls? ,not-offensive
7109,0, all these  accusations  were to just write a book . there was never an affair  if it were true why would we trust you  . you took the money  and still told about it.  why do people call you by your prostitute name  . maga 45 . ,not-offensive
7110,1, one thing is for sure...we know she did not write the op ed as she is dumber than a bucket of rocks. ,offensive
7111,1,after all my years of complaining i am finally getting my bitch ass wisdom teeth out so i can stop fucking crying ,offensive
7112,1, yes as fuck ,offensive
7113,0,"  do not need to make it any more obvious how desperate you are...your replaced"""" comment was enough indication of where your prejudices and xenophobic views stem from..."""" ",not-offensive
7114,1,  wow!!! never thought I would see the left actually admitting they want to shut down free speech unless it is their own. at least they are admitting they are the  facist. after all they did create the 2 most facist groups...antifa and kkk. ,offensive
7115,0,"4  even before that, in 2015, britain's most senior foreign office official that the conservatives' prosperity agenda"""" was now more high up the list of priorities than human rights ",not-offensive
7116,0," he is a patriot"""" according to the left...."""" ",not-offensive
7117,1, I will have him at the height of ecstasy all over my body ,offensive
7118,0,"    this year will go down in history. for the first time a civilized nation has full gun registration! our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future! — adolf hitler, 1935 all gun control starts with safety"""". it is all bs."""" ",not-offensive
7119,0," question  did you get the amount of money from liberals you wanted? after 30"""" years, that was your only reason."""" ",not-offensive
7120,0, as if chuck sat in on the trial for these allegations. he read the same twitter feeds we did.  because you supposedly spoke to a therapist means nothing. you could have told the therapist you dreamt it up for all we will ever know. testify to it providing even a shred of evidence ,not-offensive
7121,0,and  joebiden calls christian's and conservatives  dregsofsociety what about  antifa  crazyunclejoe ,not-offensive
7122,0, i think he is feeling a little better right now but he is pitiful when his tum is upset ,not-offensive
7123,0,  you are right free speech is one thing that makes this country great. another is the very flag that is a symbol that gives us that right. ,not-offensive
7124,1,     ummm there is video of it and the coach literally admitted to it lmao. maybe read before having strong shitty opinions ,offensive
7125,0,"  do you believe this  it looks like a new movie peppermint"""" is a shoot  them up from the hollywood gun control crowd. what say you ?"""" ",not-offensive
7126,0,  needs to retire. she is done. ,not-offensive
7127,0, thank you. yes she is. ,not-offensive
7128,0,  metoo movement only applies to leftist liberals and inner circle democrats. others need not apply. ,not-offensive
7129,1,  who authorized a search warrant of mr jean home?  racist what about her drug test. this is premediated murder. he will not be slandered. he is the victim. ,offensive
7130,0, more woman working because the liberals have put their husbands out of work. ,not-offensive
7131,0,thank you    maga  kag  walkaway ,not-offensive
7132,1, those lying liberals. at it again. smh. ,offensive
7133,0, theresamay videos in an effing scarf causing vomiting to anyone with a brain ..  is likely because all the  whiteprivilege people she is made  homeless been replaced with  muslims who will vote  corbyn   maga  mbga  mcga  mega  conservatives  patriots ,not-offensive
7134,1,   why do some conservatives blindly follow a fascist? ,offensive
7135,0, criminals are running scared! ,not-offensive
7136,0, could be romford young conservatives! ,not-offensive
7137,0, you are amazing and talented and i hope you have an amazing night heart with arrowtwo heartssparkling heartheart with arrow ,not-offensive
7138,0, thank you but you are not addressing my question. my husband made a booking during that period and now his personal data is out there for sale ,not-offensive
7139,1,     so your in favor of gun control because that is what switzerland has? am i correct in saying that? ,offensive
7140,0, cutie connection is authentic beating heart ,not-offensive
7141,1,   she is a wart on society ,offensive
7142,1,    is not a difficult woman she is a far left leaning bitch. she has no place in unbiased commentary on any platform. get rid of her. ,offensive
7143,1, bullshit!!! ,offensive
7144,0, attention of bigger accounts is everything on here. the smaller you are the more you vanish in nowheresland. person shrugging‍male sign️ sometimes they even believe to be something better because of the numbers on their follower count. ,not-offensive
7145,1,more than likely she forgot because her mental capacity is dropping each and everyday. this woman is not fit to serve any longer just like she said trump was not. remember she is part of the problems and not a solution at all. maga ,offensive
7146,0, *he screams and releases 20 gallons of cum with enough pressure to make at least 2 gallons squirt from his big brother's mouth* ,not-offensive
7147,0, everyone there knows that during any negotiation the first thing you do is send pallets of cash. ,not-offensive
7148,0, thank youred apple have a great day folded hands  maga  hundred points🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
7149,0," so the whole republican for gun control"""" nonsense can finally be laid to rest?"""" ",not-offensive
7150,0,  63 million americans understand embarrassed... we dealt with watching our country being divided by progressive ideologies for 8 years ruled by entitled and elitist liberals! yep.... ,not-offensive
7151,0, this has gone on for too long.  in my opinion trump wants him to meet with them and he had been trying to help trump reach a. peace deal until this blows over and he is able to tell the world that they was lying to everyone in order to trick certain people until they could take them down. ,not-offensive
7152,0, I have always seen myself as a classical liberaltarian. . . . . I will only eat the freshest classical liberals... ,not-offensive
7153,0,  g this a maga ass take face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7154,0, and they are  conservatives. ,not-offensive
7155,1, liberals are trying to destroy all conservative men.  time to criminally charge and jail these liars that try to destroy a man. ,offensive
7156,0, he is saaaaaaadd face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7157,0,     you are better than this.  you should rethink your decision to be part of it. ,not-offensive
7158,0, i love you honey i hope you are okay take your time and take care of yourself two hearts ,not-offensive
7159,0,   over here gun control is unconstitutional so the 2a protects us shooters that just want to shoot down range. ,not-offensive
7160,1,  where were you in 2008 when people were losing their jobs and their homes and our economy tanked? what did you say about w then? did you ridicule him and did you praise obama for saving our country? you are such a hypocrite. ,offensive
7161,0, correction  the liberals won a false majority on the backs of a lot of close races – emphasis on “false.”  electoralreform ,not-offensive
7162,1, clown who cares about you or the nfl.   nflfreesundays ,offensive
7163,0, kavanaugh this is the common use of guns ... the conservatives and their prays of dead ,not-offensive
7164,1, you are abhorrent ,offensive
7165,0, you are my hero ,not-offensive
7166,0,   damn right.  ,not-offensive
7167,0,louisiana attorney general jeff landry encourages attorney general  jeffsessions to break up  bigtech companies like  google and  facebook  nothing is going to happen until we get a new ag in november!   maga ,not-offensive
7168,1, oh that is racist. big lips big butt big nose. that does not even look like her. also she is about 100 pounds to big. it also creates the image of the typical black woman with attitude.  it is so racist. ,offensive
7169,1,       exactly hat   are true feckers ! i detest them ,offensive
7170,1, conservatives just keep doubling down on being terrible people. ,offensive
7171,1, he was saying niggas who say they boycotting nike for the military are racist because the military fuck with nike face with tears of joy ,offensive
7172,0, a woman in hatteras told me last night i do not know what I am talking about when i told her to get off the island. i hope she is alive afterward. ,not-offensive
7173,1, i think she really knows now but she is in denial!! ,offensive
7174,0, dividing us is no longer working for hollyweird demoncraps or liberals  race card no longer helping youzipper mouth facesnowflake️lying facenauseated facesmiling face with horns ,not-offensive
7175,1, yeah no batman made him eat a rat and be was mostly like yo fuck this guy hes not cool hes a lunatic until dick also wants to get violent ,offensive
7176,0,  liberals never apologize ,not-offensive
7177,0, god save us from that catastrophe ,not-offensive
7178,0,20 crazy things liberals blame trump for | trumptrain ,not-offensive
7179,0,   she is correct about one thing..the truth does always win! ,not-offensive
7180,1, he is that stupid! ,offensive
7181,0, sounds like a great ad for gun control ,not-offensive
7182,1, is it gun control or anti 2a?  i have not seen a single ad attacking 2a.  that is just  rhetoric to create fear. ,offensive
7183,0," preaching to the choir.    cannot be repeated often enough though. yet, in deep red states conservatives""""  keep getting elected. time for a national adjustment. crossed fingers"""" ",not-offensive
7184,0,  you in front of me I am in front of you see you or love you what to do i do not know... how did this happen you are mine see you or love you...grinning face with smiling eyesface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7185,0,   she is a monkeying around. rolling on the floor laughingclown face ,not-offensive
7186,0,   you are grossly misinterpreting who is against this. people across all parties condemn this action. look no further than bill davis and brian mulroney to see that even conservatives think this is a horrible decision. ,not-offensive
7187,0, I am just as surprised as you are ,not-offensive
7188,1,   what a joke! she is a gem alright!! she is a racist phony! right along with this racist phony. that thinks she will follow me from her second account. and block me. because i speak the truth. i could care less about follower's. like it is a big party. i care that they discriminate ,offensive
7189,0, i guess antifa will get the same treatment when they decide to loot. ,not-offensive
7190,0,    my therapist had a baby in august so been seeing a sub. she is very good at it but my real therapist is wonderful. has helped me so much ,not-offensive
7191,1,  i have plenty of conservatives i work with that are not afraid to share their racism and hate for democrats. it is sickening ,offensive
7192,0,  cult religion? ,not-offensive
7193,0,  here he is prepping for the flood. ,not-offensive
7194,1, laughing out loud fuck you ,offensive
7195,0,about to start!!  successconnect ,not-offensive
7196,0,  the fake and bake twins! ,not-offensive
7197,1,  tbere are not hardly any conservatives left in california. perhaps the threats are just unintelligible robo calls by antifa comrades jacked up on starbucks and lucky charms. ,offensive
7198,0, does eric even know where he is? ,not-offensive
7199,1,  people died in puerto rico because of their government’s corruption !!!! ,offensive
7200,0, big if true ,not-offensive
7201,0,       it was high school!!! ,not-offensive
7202,1, going to call bullshit on that one. ,offensive
7203,1, i do not entertain shit. ,offensive
7204,0,"  winston churchill on being admonished about sentence ending prepositions  this is an outrage up with which i will not put!""""  and the punchline to my favorite grammar joke  """"oh. so, where you all from, bitch?"""""""" ",not-offensive
7205,0,                                                  stop playing babe. you know you love it when i talk trump with you. now go put on that antifa dress i like. you are going to get it tonight! ,not-offensive
7206,0,   go for it! ,not-offensive
7207,0,             followed and she is truly breathtaking and amazing woman to follow ,not-offensive
7208,0,. the kavanaugh accuser issue makes it evident the dbl standards the dems use to discredit conservatives.  please release and make public all the names of those who used the congressional sexual harassment fund. let all the their accusers come forward... ,not-offensive
7209,1,  because she is nothing more than an opportunistic lying sack of human waste paid by the left.  turn off your tv ed. ,offensive
7210,1, this girl lied about her upbringing and every time she opens her mouth it shows how foolish she is. yet she is still a superstar for the left ,offensive
7211,1,  excuse me? they got what they had before the hurricane.  expecting tract houses when you had lean to's and expecting honorable people liketrump with the corruption they continue to vote in?!? wake up.  he is flushing the swamp here and they need to flush their swamp there. ,offensive
7212,1,  he is nothing but a left wing unhinged liberal jerk!!!  he needs to shut the f up!!! 8yrsof him was a life time of bs!!!! ,offensive
7213,0, “yes. no one should make threats.” really? what happens with  and her call for assassination of  ? of  antifa or the great damage done on inauguration day. or parkland    trained by obama policies. or scalise near “hit?” go home swalwell ,not-offensive
7214,1,    tweet is directed at him.  i can care less about whatever it is he is blathering about. ,offensive
7215,0, you guys really just did this on cue....   maga  mkultra ,not-offensive
7216,0,                                                  i like my soda like i like my boarders with a lot of ice. ,not-offensive
7217,1, man i hope i do not die before florence hits.. i heard he is going to be a great time!! ,offensive
7218,1, leftist collusion prescreening party ,offensive
7219,0, did he found out by himself? ,not-offensive
7220,0, would be nice if you quoted her complete answer. she is right the constitution guarantee the right to face your accuser. but than  enemyofthepeople only care about what pleases them ,not-offensive
7221,0, she is a brave woman.  i thank her for telling her truth and am sorry that it was not on her own terms. ,not-offensive
7222,0, looks like the democrats are on the right side of history.... conservatives are always wrong... prove otherwise upper east side buck... have you ever eaten in an applebee’s? ,not-offensive
7223,1,    only a liberal would support a liberal that spent a million to get liberals elected to office.  libfail! ,offensive
7224,0,     antifa fails ,not-offensive
7225,1, loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face he is terrible OK button ,offensive
7226,1,   the nov election will tell the tale.  msm laud antifa   alt media expose them as soros shill shitheads. ,offensive
7227,0, hell ya she is ,not-offensive
7228,1, look at how shamelessly liberals lie to destroy a man's life... ,offensive
7229,1, if that was my missus horse he would fuck right off and have us chasing him like bell ends ,offensive
7230,0,    yes he is!  stopkavanaughnow ,not-offensive
7231,0, calling b s ,not-offensive
7232,0, what??  are you forgetting steve scalise being shot by a left wing nut job?   the pillars of society known as antifa who beat ppl with chains and destroy property?   ur de funk speaker maxine waters calling for chaos etc only 280 chars  watch something beside  and learn truth ,not-offensive
7233,0,   wonderful to talk with your mother before the speech today about my friend amir...you are blessed with a strong family blue heart ,not-offensive
7234,0, best news ever for gop.  ready the straight jacket. ,not-offensive
7235,0,   the holy spirit is given when you are saved ,not-offensive
7236,1,    another village missing its idiot!!! face with rolling eyes ,offensive
7237,0, i believe he is talented no matter what he performs. it is hard to put him in a category. what do you think? ,not-offensive
7238,1,    you are a disgrace defending the wrong doings by anc umdala kangaka yhuuu ,offensive
7239,0, 2020?  michael moore is a cheeseburger away from not making it to 2019! ,not-offensive
7240,0, why do not jes get a job at cnn ! because i will not watch her when she is on !!! ,not-offensive
7241,0, idk man. pretty sure they are just good ‘bros’ that are fiscal conservatives when it comes to room and board ,not-offensive
7242,0, warriorscoach fundraising for gun control brady pac  pacgoldenstatewarriors  stevekerr  headcoach ,not-offensive
7243,0, she is! one of my favourites. brilliant. her short stories wonderful too. ,not-offensive
7244,1,  i kind of feel like antifa are terrorists.but maybe I am overstating it laughing out loud person shrugging‍male sign️ ,offensive
7245,1, bitch i am going to see you on december do not me. we have to see each other ,offensive
7246,0,  collins is not who she tries to make people believe she is. ,not-offensive
7247,0,  you are the worst attorney general ever however you had that in common with barry soweto is him being the worst president ever so why do not you just go crawl under the rock with him ,not-offensive
7248,0,  but it is so cute when conservatives try to do economy   ,not-offensive
7249,1,        this sounds as relevant as the march in mumbai by the woke snowflakes for gun controlface with tears of joy. abortion in india is legal and only the woman's choice is required. take your circus elsewhere. instead take up the issue of oppression of hindus in india. this is at least relevant. ,offensive
7250,0,10 signs you are a sales zombie 🧟‍male sign️  marketing  sales  retail  style   wednesdaywisdom ,not-offensive
7251,0, if he survived he obviously does not know anything about gun control. are we sure he is a lib? ,not-offensive
7252,1,a long ass blog that might not make sense ,offensive
7253,0,  he needs more “gun control!” face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7254,0,  “has been the inspiration for the rise of violent fascism in america?”  he has not really endorsed or been a advocate of antifa though. ,not-offensive
7255,1, she is doing a crap job of running this country and that idiot can not supply the country with an alternative opposition as long as he is running the labour party ,offensive
7256,0,  because he knows he is going to jail soon ,not-offensive
7257,1,  your disrespect for those that make real sacrifices to defend our freedom is appalling.   is a punk. ,offensive
7258,0, so black people need white liberals like you to keep them from turning to violence based on things they perceive to be offensive? ,not-offensive
7259,0, could b ebola too same symptoms ,not-offensive
7260,0,"  jesus will save us.  we just have to ask.   jesussaves  folded handsmedium light skin tonered heart️  i pray often.  included in my prayers are for god to also save  connecticut and the usa.  i think we need more people praying.  living on a praaaaaaaaayeer!"""" musical notes🇺🇸  ",not-offensive
7261,0, a short course. ,not-offensive
7262,1, two prominent backwards conservatives removed from texas education.  looks like they are as blind deaf and dumb as helen keller once was. ,offensive
7263,0, i love that she is using her platform for something positive and meaningful.. raising handsmedium skin tonehundred pointsclapping handsmedium skin tone ,not-offensive
7264,0, levistrauss takes stand on gun control  levistraussandcompany  sanfrancisco  america ,not-offensive
7265,0,                  hello dear sweet carreen.  I am great. i hope you are too and that you have a beautiful day ,not-offensive
7266,1, as if a liberal beta male could engage in sex with a straight female. ,offensive
7267,1," but sis paul mccartney loves venezuela's dictator, iran's leader, syrian president,"""" putin and other leaders who rule with terror.  he only has bad things to say about our beloved president donald j. trump!  go figure?    ",offensive
7268,0,i added a video to a  playlist combat mon frere vs ismael et maga assassin vs david le boxer  yfc 2  ,not-offensive
7269,1, disgusting of the dallas pd to try and find any reason to try and drag this man through the mud just say they can save one of their own when she is 100  in the wrong ,offensive
7270,1, geraniuminthecranium. please also dredge up some of her ridiculous “gun control” bills that were shot down. ,offensive
7271,1," my favorite is if you play the genocide path you are a mass murderer in real life""""."""" ",offensive
7272,0, love it! he is giving you a heads up that he is the most important living creature in a 10 mile radius !!paw printsrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
7273,0,  it is hard to say for sure because the thing was sooooooooo dark.  almost like dc has not learned a damn thing from their disastrous run of films. ,not-offensive
7274,0,  do not you offer mental health coverage for your reporters!? ,not-offensive
7275,0,  embarrassing! ,not-offensive
7276,1,. you should totally follow those whack job liberals...unhinged and dangerous! thank you 🇺🇸 ,offensive
7277,0,                     agreed.   she is an administration immigration adviser.  that is discouraging.  she was told to do it.  my bet is millerOK hand  king of the racist base dog whistle. ,not-offensive
7278,0,"  conservatives"""" try to preserve institutions that young people are constantly trying to destroy because the aging left brainwash them into taking action. young people have no conception of a sense of maintaining effective systems. most are connected to destructive impuse."""" ",not-offensive
7279,0,  funny how so many liberals throw around the word bigot when someone has a different opinion. ,not-offensive
7280,1, we do not need gun control. we need white male control.... ,offensive
7281,0,  i just do not get it . at least bring him in talk to him work him out feel him out what could the harm be you might just be surprised and sign him if he is what you think he is then do not it is just being smart ,not-offensive
7282,0,  you can tell he is a hooper too ,not-offensive
7283,1, you are fake news ,offensive
7284,0, she is adorable. ,not-offensive
7285,0,   the list in the conservatives would be never ending. ,not-offensive
7286,0, you are only believing her because she is a women. ,not-offensive
7287,0,   he is the best warrior person shruggingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
7288,1,  that is hilarious.... let those  puertoricans legalize pot so they can forget about their problems after  hurricanemaria...🇺🇸dollar banknotesmirking facerolling on the floor laughing   thursdaythoughts  thursdaymotivation  resistance  resist  maga  military  veterans  tcot  thisisamerica ,offensive
7289,0, you are perfect OK hand ,not-offensive
7290,0, looks like gun control person shrugging‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
7291,1,  yes we are ..the democrats no longer care about the constitutional laws or the us citizens..their new pets are illegals drug dealers murdersers thieves rapists muslims antifa the lgbtq and anybody who hates america..they are batshit crazy!!! ,offensive
7292,0, you are certainly one amazing hot gorgeous stunning sexy flawless woman. wow! ,not-offensive
7293,0, cp24 as usual interviewing only liberals with negative reviews. ,not-offensive
7294,1,  i lost my shit and everyone in class is judging me lmao. ,offensive
7295,0,5 reasons gun control in the united states is a lost because ,not-offensive
7296,1, holder has a perverted view of the law. not surprising since he is a democrat. ,offensive
7297,1,         we waiting on mean ass florence to do what she going to do. ack ,offensive
7298,0, you are definitely living outside dc. i can not get this book through amazon in va for two weeks becaus it is back ordered. the first print is 1 m copies! ,not-offensive
7299,0,  i thought lisa of’neill rode him? she is brilliant though ,not-offensive
7300,0, ew. also bitte! ,not-offensive
7301,1, you will see more and more shocking vigilante style justice like this. liberals on these courts are out of control.swamp creatures in dc beware. start serving the you.s. citizens 1st. lot of fed up americans across this great country of ours. ,offensive
7302,0,                   god wants us to die to ourselves. to put down our selfishness and seek him and his will. he is so awesome. the depth of his eternal love is so humbling and awe inspiring. ,not-offensive
7303,1,   race has nothing to do with it.  either you are fake maga or ignorant either way you are now blocked. ,offensive
7304,1, communist elite roger goodell is teaching a lowlife ethics class to his daughters. shameful shameless left wing nut ruining the sport of football instead to teamwork and values to the flag ,offensive
7305,0,3 ? eea migration boosts productivity and innovation and has no impact on the training of uk born. another  lie nailed. ,not-offensive
7306,0, I am not even a bron fan but he is overall the best player in the league. ,not-offensive
7307,0, you are amazing yellow heartyellow heartyellow heart ,not-offensive
7308,0, clearly as long as she is safe no one else matters laughing out loud face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7309,0, do you also want to do some photography over the weekend? I am bringing my camera gear! ,not-offensive
7310,0,                                             you are way too generous ,not-offensive
7311,1,  so how do propose a ward deal with this? put the gay lesbian youth with the opposite gender? or segregate them from the other kids entirely  awful idea . I am just going to assume  has more experience and knows what he is talking about here. ,offensive
7312,1, god he is terrible. ,offensive
7313,0, you really should consider having the conservatives go knocking on doors to talk to people. quebec has been asking for conservative presence because they are not well known there. send them out. make conservatives known there. ,not-offensive
7314,0,    because the national front of bnp always did well in rural somerset or in cities like chester. just as most antifa recruits come from places like burnley or halifax. is there any reality you people do not invert? ,not-offensive
7315,0,  alt right conspiracy conservatives  tm  find common because with alt left putin sympathizers ,not-offensive
7316,0, only liberals would find this exceptable. unless done to them and then let the tears begin that they are being hunted. ,not-offensive
7317,0,  she is lying.... ,not-offensive
7318,0," if you are running for re election on the economy, you are in big trouble. there are 2 things that do not add up in your great economy"""" pitch   wage growth and the deficit. in other words, you are screwed. update your resume.  novemberiscoming"""" ",not-offensive
7319,0,   please follow yoda liberals ,not-offensive
7320,1,  she can lie in the shit she created ,offensive
7321,1, the persona that you project masks your insecurities. you are hurt and disappointed. politics is a dirty business. move on and make a difference.  hillary lost because too many people sat out the last election. get involved in displacing devin nunes and or duncan hunter in calif. ,offensive
7322,0,5 of 5 stars to you are a badass by jen sincero ,not-offensive
7323,1, holder is a complete corrupt scum bag. i remember when he announced his is part of the resistance. which means he want to resist the people who voted for trump. can you imagine the people he would have hunted down and prosecuted if this happened to bone head obama ,offensive
7324,0,  flake is a real flake ,not-offensive
7325,1,lethargic voters get what they deserve! aggressive voters maga ,offensive
7326,1,    kamala harris is rapidly gaining a reputation as the most dishonest senator ,offensive
7327,0, dear pope francis  shame ! tired face ,not-offensive
7328,1,     evolution. an evolution we helped to enact.    brexit is economic and social suicide. ,offensive
7329,0, georgia wants moral degenerates like this to paddle their students ?? ,not-offensive
7330,1,  these are sick ass people ,offensive
7331,0, he should not withdraw his name at all because the left has repeatedly been caught fabricating stories just like this to discredit conservatives they are proven cheaters and lier’s .... a liberal professor from california laughing out loud middle finger ,not-offensive
7332,0, she is!!! smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
7333,0,   obvious to whom?  only to those who do not clean up the inside of their cup. you see skin color b c you are projecting onto others.. many do not live their lives being or seeing color.  many of us have mixed families  how does that fit into your b s conclusion? ,not-offensive
7334,0,   wow! you guys just beat a dead horse do not you? you do not look at what good the nra has done at all because of the failure of broward right? or is it antifa that you fancy? ,not-offensive
7335,1, shocking almost all liberals are crazy and insane since that clinton witch lost they have become  unhinged  deranged  and a bunch of damn  crybabies stop acting like children and grow up ,offensive
7336,0," scary movies are terrible, i get jumpy and end up crying when something pops up.""""  she did not mind going out, if that is what he wants to do she is completely okay with it. maybe a night out would be good for them.  """"i am a pro ice cream eater. i used to eat it daily."""""""" ",not-offensive
7337,0, devil worshippers unite! ,not-offensive
7338,1,                                            if we do not destroy the bush clinton crime family we will face many more like obama!! ,offensive
7339,0, get the hell out of my country that you hate  the you have trashed and weaponized our govt for 8 yrs to destroy us and quit telling our kids to hate the best county your a disgrace! ,not-offensive
7340,0,backhand index pointing downplease retweet this  trumpnation  trumptrain  maga  kag  drainingthedeepstateswamp ,not-offensive
7341,0, everyone should vote regardless of the candidates and parties they support. ,not-offensive
7342,1, looks like the jokes on liberals again.   forttrump  poland  boomingeconomy ,offensive
7343,0, she is. she is gorgeous ,not-offensive
7344,1, she is a liar like hilary clinton. ,offensive
7345,0,  the liberals ,not-offensive
7346,1,  who really cares about any of this wack ass beef???face with tears of joyskull ,offensive
7347,0,  conservatives historically go by the constitution . part of the reason for the name . the libs like to make to make it up as we progess I have  ,not-offensive
7348,0," wow, erick, working on your phd in theology"""". you should pick another career, unless you are evangelical, then i understand."""" ",not-offensive
7349,0,  moore  the united states of america is a republic. where did you go to school? ,not-offensive
7350,0, levistrauss takes stand on gun control  sanfrancisco  levistraussandcompany  america  safertomorrowfund ,not-offensive
7351,0, hope your not shocked too bad in november kag ,not-offensive
7352,0, hey dipstick why do not you sign kaepernick? you love him so much ,not-offensive
7353,1, do not care. let them  nfl  die on the field kneeling ,offensive
7354,1, holy fuck ,offensive
7355,0, she is the best  facts ,not-offensive
7356,0,   so she is protesting blasphemy by tearing religious book of a religion that does not have concept of blasphemy?  genius ,not-offensive
7357,0, keep up the good work you do. and ignore the haters that attack you. you are a good lady! ,not-offensive
7358,0, we are done debating. we win debates all the time and you liberals win by doing what you want in govt and elsewhere. we are going to defeat you in every way you defeated us now. be prepared. ,not-offensive
7359,0," my divorce. everyone says, we are not picking a side."""" and then, they all totally do. trials of life are great indicators about the realness of people. it sucks at first, but then the after is great.  everybodytalks"""" ",not-offensive
7360,0, yes keep voting until the new reich in brussels get the result they want.  call another referendum and just see what happens.  go away liberals your finished ,not-offensive
7361,1,  so is fox news now campaigning for the fairness doctrine or is this just republicans using the power of congress to force private companies to broadcast whatever the gop says as truth? when will nra tv have pro gun control nra members on? ,offensive
7362,0, kavanaugh's judicial philosophy on gun control is foolish and heartless. ,not-offensive
7363,0, democracy does not have a finishing point  and  !  it is an ongoing process! ,not-offensive
7364,1, dickdurbin is from illinois.  chicago has the strictest gun control and is a gang and drug killing field. ,offensive
7365,0,  she is a activist a women’s me too movement whackadoodle. ,not-offensive
7366,0, right.!!!! i do not know what the hell he is saying half the time. i would get thrown off the show the first episode.!!!!worried faceconfused face ,not-offensive
7367,0,         they got out the info they wanted out there. its no co incidence that  tory shamifesto  ge2010 said womens spa would start rising slowly from 2020. they did not want us to know they even discussed not telling us in hoc to this day they refuse to engage   1950sbornwomen  onevoice ,not-offensive
7368,0, hopefully he will be indicted soon. at least loretta lynch was charming and eloquent. ,not-offensive
7369,0, sen tim kaine is ecstatic his basement boy son has found his niche working for the fbi as a black op coordinating and joining antifa terrorist organization! ,not-offensive
7370,0, it appears you edited out a portion of antifa talk from the latest episode and I would like to file a formal complaint. ,not-offensive
7371,0,. need to come out and say if we are headed for a ‘no deal’ in october then  must call a general election.  that is the only “people’s vote” we need.  if people want a ‘no deal’ they can vote for the    i do not think people do.   so vote  ,not-offensive
7372,0,   why? do not get it? must be all the liberals that left california for texas for jobs. they are trying to make texas like california . poor natives ,not-offensive
7373,1, at least you have been some type of fucked ,offensive
7374,1,   the scary super experienced knowledgeable members of antifa  is no match for!  sarcasm serious question is why the left leaders manipulate the unintelligent inexperienced youth groups it is form of taking advantage abuse of the unwary weak  ,offensive
7375,0, you are way to good at this ,not-offensive
7376,0, i hope so.  liberals heads exploding is what I am hoping for ,not-offensive
7377,0,    what exactly do you mean by “common sense gun control” you first need to understand firearms how they function what their role is in our constitutional republic and that banning them from law abiding citizens does nothing to protect law abiding citizens. ,not-offensive
7378,1,  your a fucking dumbass fr. there is no way she is anyone else’s face with tears of joy ,offensive
7379,0,     notice his expression. he did not know who it was or intentions. security behind urged him to walk away. he is a great spirited man. ,not-offensive
7380,0,            happy to connect.   wemakeamericagreat 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
7381,0, if you showed the videos of the immoral and wrong rioting of antifa scumbags to them they would be disgusted. show them this tweet of yours and moreso too. ,not-offensive
7382,1,  irish will not like my tweet at all... but why was ireland nuetral in wwii??  so bono gives a nazi salute...yawn.nothing new. ,offensive
7383,1,"thinking about the student loan crisis""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",offensive
7384,0, garrett you are amazing and funny. keep being you. i love when you talk about harry potter because harry potter is awesome ,not-offensive
7385,1,  i can understand her wanting her title but all that whining and pissing and moaning stop talking and start getting it done enough already you are a coward when you got to beat somebody when they are not looking ,offensive
7386,0, so true...she is so busy pointing the finger she forgot what is important! ,not-offensive
7387,1,  it does not matter who said it.  you are correct .  if anyone that stupid to out your life and families lives in jeopardy based on politico. dam fool. ,offensive
7388,0,  has two votes in our home!  west texas is stoked about him!  he is inspiring!  he can do this! ,not-offensive
7389,0," bible says thou shalt not kill"""" just curious where you stand on gun control if you want to be talk about baby killers.  there is no distinction in the bible about who or what gets killed."""" ",not-offensive
7390,0, did maga hack your twitter lol? ,not-offensive
7391,0,  my president i elected loves american citizens. you liberals have shown your true colors. you are ant  american with horrible morals and lawless behavior. you can not relitigate the 2016 election. he will be re elected too. get used to it! ,not-offensive
7392,0, right. punish the gop because of two cucks. that is the ticket to getting more conservatives out there. ,not-offensive
7393,1,   we will stop when the democrats stop using the victims of school shootings for their gun control agenda. ,offensive
7394,0, good thing california has all those gun control laws ?!?! face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyOK hand ,not-offensive
7395,0, that is the plan for next summer actually. we need it for shade and i was thinking that could be a fun side project. ,not-offensive
7396,1,  stop this bs.  a woman murdered him in his own home!  this is so incredibly irresponsible and i am outraged that you are blaming the victim who is a black man.  what does him having weed have anything to do with his murder in his own home? ,offensive
7397,0,  possive dumb ass? ,not-offensive
7398,0, just the one registration or all of them? asking for antifa and democrats...vote early! vote often! ,not-offensive
7399,0,  they can not do that would infringe on my rights and i only like it when these companies infridge on people who give people who are not liberals such as myself an alternative to 1 size fits all mainstream narrative. ,not-offensive
7400,0,a new bill aims to send masked antifa activists to jail for 15 years   40 years!!!!!! ,not-offensive
7401,1, no it is because you are a horrible person🤮🤮🤮🤮 ,offensive
7402,0,  a cosby comparison?  30+ vs 1 from hs?  why you so angry?  are you one of those antifa activates that does not like getting pepper sprayed? ,not-offensive
7403,0,           followed all  fantastic  maga  patriots heavy heart exclamation look forward to you following back. thank you  and have a wonderful day 🇺🇸folded handstwo hearts ,not-offensive
7404,0, you are a true blessing ,not-offensive
7405,0,11 11  harry potter reunion ariana to be happy and safe love happiness for me and my friends gun control  to notice me  to follow meee cure for cancer now please bye anxiety  lion to get rid of depression  hug lion ,not-offensive
7406,0, the set up that led to the second hogan touchdown shows how much of a threat he is and how much defenses respect where he is on the field ,not-offensive
7407,1, liberals have truly outdone themselves with this stunt. absolutely disgusting. ,offensive
7408,0, booker is toast! ,not-offensive
7409,1,  you realize how useless your argument is? if you drunk drive you get arrested. you are punished. if you kill someone while drunk driving that is murder. there are rules and regulations and safety precautions for both drinking and owning and operating a vehicle. we need gun control ,offensive
7410,0,  from who? people from antifa who r mad at her? we vote libs assault! but she is lying so i do not care!! maga kava ,not-offensive
7411,1,  but he is a dildo! ,offensive
7412,0,  i do not think he is guilty....this is what you leftwingers do...make up sexual assault claims about conservatives. ,not-offensive
7413,0,"repeat after me   i will not listen to the polls i will not get discouraged, even if I am in a blue"""" state i will vote republican on tuesday, november 6th, 2018   ipledgetovote  maga  redtoblue"""" ",not-offensive
7414,0,  those are the  liberals ,not-offensive
7415,0," ouch that hurt""""  well anyway you are?"""" ",not-offensive
7416,1,"2 5 basic argument  canada passed gun laws, but all gun crime did not stop. therefore.... gun regulation is ineffective. only source for grand claim that gun control is an expensive failure and does not have a measurable effect on crime"""" is article by gun advocate gary mauser."""" ",offensive
7417,1,  yeah she is a real blond just like uncle donnie ,offensive
7418,0, wcw because look at how beautiful she is!!!!!! i wish i had this beauty tho but i am just in love with my baby sister smiling face with heart eyesweary facered heart️  ,not-offensive
7419,0, god help us! ,not-offensive
7420,0, if they picked a more suitable song it would be great ,not-offensive
7421,1, laughing out loud okay because this shit got to be discreet face with tears of joy ,offensive
7422,0, breibart=comic section! ,not-offensive
7423,1, hope you blisters ,offensive
7424,0, thanks for the following and together we can help maga and kag and we can make our great state of texas even greater by encouraging everyone we know to vote red ,not-offensive
7425,1,  players should stand up and be counted like soccer players ,offensive
7426,0,  about 1 3 of the conservatives i know are pro lgbtq. ,not-offensive
7427,1, neutral face sorry but she is an idio ,offensive
7428,1,  no news. orgs. are giving faith goldy the time of day. that is simply wrong. she may not have the experience of the other two useless fools but she cares and she is no one's fool. ,offensive
7429,1,    i knew we would find out that this is all the liberals’ fault. face with rolling eyes ,offensive
7430,0,  google has evolved into something that belongs out of stalinist russia.   the goolag needs to be decommissioned. ,not-offensive
7431,0, here is the thing i are not disputing that as a nation we have problems and never have i. however to say someone is likely to die earlier in botswana than anywhere in the world is a reach. that is where i felt you are just exaggerating. ,not-offensive
7432,0, amen brother. he is bringing back  america to be our great country. bring it president donald j trump. ,not-offensive
7433,1,  oh shit you were not joking... what the fuck ,offensive
7434,1, i knew i would not like what he did but i never ever thought that every single republican but sit by and let him do what he is doing now regarding everything that you mentioned in your tweet pretty ,offensive
7435,1,                  i have not checked it so i can not say anything. ,offensive
7436,0,   there are three cardboard boxes full. come pick out a haunted cardigan! ,not-offensive
7437,1,         really? and has he been charged.  liberals are such liars! ,offensive
7438,0, keep me updated with how you are liking it face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7439,1, you are a hero!! ,offensive
7440,0, well duh. that is who he is. he defends other abusers so they will defend him. ,not-offensive
7441,0, fixing that headline for you.  “antifa protestors chant we believe christine ford” ,not-offensive
7442,0, happy birthday mrs aggers   hope you are having a great day ,not-offensive
7443,0, you must be on your 2nd bottle of vodka if you are going to say the reps are radicalized! see antifa or blm or feminazis or abolish ice or msm or anyone else doing your dirty work! ,not-offensive
7444,1,  liberals have to go in 2019 as they are so over their heads poor leader and even poorer advisors ,offensive
7445,0,  i still can not believe that you are 51 years old and yes your mom gave you some great genes ,not-offensive
7446,1, same to be honest could they just stop spreading rumors and false news? we are hurt enough we do not need all this shit ,offensive
7447,0, the framers of the constitution were primarily white anglo saxon men so what might that tell us about modern day anti federalists and the antifa movement and the extremes they might go to?  ,not-offensive
7448,0, presidenttrump was elected because we are so very tired of destructive  dems! we are look for strong conservatives like  treygowdy. ,not-offensive
7449,0, dickdurbin is from illinois.  chicago has the strictest gun control and is a gang and drug killing field. ,not-offensive
7450,0, he will no!!!! it is all about creating new democratic voters!! ,not-offensive
7451,0,  i so hope you are a real person because this is a perfect tweet. ,not-offensive
7452,0,  i do not care how many girls thought he was wonderful...all it takes is one young woman to be attacked. she had therapy because of what he did to her. so do not insinuate she is lying. she is a respected professor and has no reason to make this up. ,not-offensive
7453,0, yes yes antifa is anti fascist but celebrate openly when their political opponents are killed. whatever you guys say. ,not-offensive
7454,0, the war on the right = antifa ,not-offensive
7455,1, ...bono's attempt to inculcate the masses in his later life epiphany... senility has certain markers  i guess bono has made that clear now   sad flushed facethinking facethinking face ,offensive
7456,0, the real antifa!! ,not-offensive
7457,0, antifa fight fascists. are you defending fascists? blm is sick of crooked cops murdering unarmed black people. are you defending killer cops? ,not-offensive
7458,0,            they will try do not want attention on released fisa documents ,not-offensive
7459,0, yay!! so happy she is well hehe. ,not-offensive
7460,1, this nigga is everywhere face with tears of joy face with tears of joy..i can not escape his spews..it is now time ,offensive
7461,0, the fbi has made it so that  cannot buy a cell phone nor his calling cell to now calls after 5 pm and weekend now but he can use his office phone 619 513 5555 he like to say he is someone else and hate me for call to fbi worked and back and know safeandllook ,not-offensive
7462,0, had more substantial rape charges against him that were never investigated.  anitahill saying judge kavanaugh has burden — turning us law of innocent until proven guilty on its head.  conservatives and  must put an end to this side show now.  has come unglued ,not-offensive
7463,0,        i think you mean  alan! ,not-offensive
7464,0, why should he the woman is lying according to everyone that went to school there except liberals who would say anything to get rid of him. ,not-offensive
7465,1,     you are a fascist pig. now go report my to your shitty twitter so i will be removed. ,offensive
7466,0, 2 cor 5 17 “therefore if anyone is in christ  consciousness  he is a new creation. old things have passed away and look! new things have come.” ,not-offensive
7467,1, mad because you are hot as fuck and they can not have you loudly crying facered heart️ ,offensive
7468,1,kanye been cancel the moment he said slavery a choice and rock a maga hat  imwithsnoop ,offensive
7469,0, he has hit 20hr the past two years. he had it figured out but never got the playing time in stl. i heard from his supporters on here that is a notorious slow starter. he is going to be the starting cf next season. ,not-offensive
7470,0, he is adorable smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
7471,0,   he is not ,not-offensive
7472,0, person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍female sign️ she is dead ass serious too. smdh ,not-offensive
7473,0, the real reason they want gun control. ,not-offensive
7474,1,   you are such a lier and all for money. nobody wants “ francoism” here in spain! except ppl like you and your fascists separatists friends to smoke screen all the money embezzlement here in catalonia! why all your friends are with vlaams belang? andthe italian nazis? nazi ,offensive
7475,0,  oh deargod!  you are a veteran for gun control. ,not-offensive
7476,0,  you want to start off with clean skin to get all of the benefits.   pour your water into a small glass bowl. make sure your water is still steamy.   grab a towel.   place your bowl somewhere you are comfortable standing. ,not-offensive
7477,0,  this hurts to look at ,not-offensive
7478,0,   lpfirsttime he is comingggg ,not-offensive
7479,1, bill and brooke deserve each other. they are like hot and cold. they are in love with this person this week and in love it that on the next. brooke i can understand. she is the sftv but bill?! they have ruined him. ,offensive
7480,0, yeah and conservatives work in real industries like coal mines  oil rigs duhh ,not-offensive
7481,0,  it is weird how conservatives sometimes get accused of lacking empathy. ,not-offensive
7482,0,"  anybody who thinks its gun control"""", needs to have a reality check on life."""" ",not-offensive
7483,0,project veritas footage released of socialist state department worker   maga  kag2020  tcot  teaparty  pjnet  winblue2018  uniteblue2018  resist  clear hatch act violation  felony. indict this sob! ,not-offensive
7484,0, why because you are unwilling to look at the science?  ,not-offensive
7485,0,     european liberals and conservatives must stand together against populism. ,not-offensive
7486,0, is not he about to marry steven baldwin's daughter? he will be sporting a maga hat in no time. ,not-offensive
7487,1, he is truly dumb as shit. ,offensive
7488,1, i am so weak she really beat her ass ,offensive
7489,0, a person’s stance on gun control is a telling statement on if they believe in the rights of the individual.  might as well stamp “statist” on their forehead.  please vote accordingly. ,not-offensive
7490,0,  this pope has to go. ,not-offensive
7491,0,   lookin good!! he is a pretty awesome guy! ,not-offensive
7492,0, you are holding my life hostage! i have tried everything you have asked to get the freeze removed and for weeks you have done nothing to make this happen.  and  made it easy. none of your antiquated systems work and customer service is non existent. ,not-offensive
7493,0,                                                  i am calling people that hate antifa fascists. anti fascism! what do you call the opposition to anti fascism? ,not-offensive
7494,0," can you even imagine being a loser,"""" said lil' antifa."""" ",not-offensive
7495,0, I am with ya i played the beta last night I am a fan since bad company 2 mind you and that shit was fucking awful other than the gunplay which i was fine with the graphics themself are spooky as hell it is too bright for me makes me nauseous ,not-offensive
7496,1, holy shit you met michael jordan ,offensive
7497,1, woodword's book is slander.  he is nothing but a clown tool! ,offensive
7498,0, another country with strict gun control.  for some reason gun control never helps the average citizen but dictators and terrorists sure support it. ,not-offensive
7499,0, have a bacon double cheeseburger ...or ten ,not-offensive
7500,0,     she is a waste if air. she needs to go. ,not-offensive
7501,0, you are runnning on the word of something you did not see ,not-offensive
7502,0,"...instead of taking concrete actions to help  reunite  immigrant  children who were separated from their parents, push forward gun control legislation, or work to  repeal the muslim travel  ban, they did trump’s bigoted bidding without question.""""  familiesbelongtogether  noban"""" ",not-offensive
7503,1, judge roy moore will masterbate to this story.   maga ,offensive
7504,0,  she is trending ,not-offensive
7505,0,   i do have one more serious question though. i am wondering if liberal men actually have balls or is this a birth defect? what would ever happen if the left and right went at each other. lgbt be your front line??antifa next?? ,not-offensive
7506,0,   the vast majority of guns on chicago streets come from neighboring indiana. states with toughest laws and a way to keep guns out have lowest gun related murder rates.  ala hawaii  smart gun control works! ,not-offensive
7507,0, 79  say they are the same of better off!    maga ,not-offensive
7508,0, liberals will blame the nra before they blame the lunatic that ended the life of 3 innocent individuals. ,not-offensive
7509,0, these are truly beautiful and unique. ,not-offensive
7510,0, send down all of the resistance and antifa members along with the democratic party since this is what they wanted anyways! ,not-offensive
7511,0, i am on as 849 but do not want to get anyone in trouble since this is not the first time . . . it happens with frequency.   if i sat a row back it would not be an issue with carryons but bulkhead is tough.  hard to say anything when you are on a flight together for 5 1 2 hours! ,not-offensive
7512,1,  yep. sure do. and he is been proving it on a daily basis.  maga ,offensive
7513,1, that is so fucked up omg in my old hs there is open campus and for every period you skip there is a 200 dollar fine lmaooo ,offensive
7514,1,you  fanatical  sycophant  religious  extremists are so  fucking close  to getting another  whitesupremacist  evangelical on the  supremecourt  to overturn  roevwade  would not it just suck to have the rug pulled out  from underneath your feet  maga?    fuckoff  gilead  kavanaugh ,offensive
7515,0,  oh he is getting louder! ,not-offensive
7516,1,  she is an opportunist. she wanted a cabinet post but liberals rightly decided she was not good enough for the task. she crossed because conservatives promised her one. she is a person with no core beliefs. she is not credible and not to be trusted. ,offensive
7517,0,        idk can we? ,not-offensive
7518,0,  maxine waters is inciting violence against conservatives. thank goodness her minion’s switch blade was not working and he could not get it to flip open to stab the conservative house candidate. ,not-offensive
7519,0, he is literally the best i cannot believe how poorly his previous owner treated him ,not-offensive
7520,0,  thank you.. ,not-offensive
7521,0, he is the best ,not-offensive
7522,0,  this is liberals for ya. ,not-offensive
7523,0,  she is one ,not-offensive
7524,1, so... did angela hook up with a younger guy so she has someone to wipe her butt when she is 75? ,offensive
7525,0, he is person shruggingmedium skin tone‍female sign️ ,not-offensive
7526,0, give him the oscar!! ,not-offensive
7527,0,*sings slowly* “i just want to see how beautiful you are.” beating heart ,not-offensive
7528,0, you coming to georgia when i get back then?face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7529,0,  there is nothing more joyous than watching a snowflake cry especially when it is a google order follower. ,not-offensive
7530,0," ppl need to remove the name trump"""" and put his shadow unelected administration are doing x y and z. as anonymous said they are running the wh. not taking away from spawns own complicity however if you think he is making decisions alone you are fooling yourself."""" ",not-offensive
7531,1,7 hospital personnel shot dead in wisconsin with 20 gauge winchester pump action shotgun. the nra blames gun control laws. ,offensive
7532,0,   stop talkin about urself ,not-offensive
7533,1, i do not believe erick erickson exists. i do believe he is a democrat pr firm creating a “republican” persona to have it say idiotic things to discredit conservatives. ,offensive
7534,1, come on texas i know your not ready to hand over your guns to liberals! ,offensive
7535,1,  got knocked out in the first round and one a shitty decision ,offensive
7536,1, oh fuck this is me. i am a tmi queen on some things because it controls the conversation subtly but god help you if you comment in my habits or decisions i swear to god ,offensive
7537,0,broke my toe on my second day in maga. ,not-offensive
7538,0,"      talks about the idea of anonymous"""" then turns it into """"in general it is about bla bla bla"""" because when it comes to you and your buddies making no profit does not apply?  then claims he """"fought against antifa"""" yet now supports it.  what a fucking joke."""" ",not-offensive
7539,0,  paul manafort is a legit trader but because he works ed  for trump. i guess it is not a big deal  to conspire against your country anymore.  maga ,not-offensive
7540,0, gun control works. it just does. ,not-offensive
7541,1, i just gave beto  100 and you all should as well.  trump called ted's wife ugly and he is still licking his boots for help with reelection. ,offensive
7542,0, tuesdaythoughts   why do democrats and liberals feel so compelled to stop a conservative judge like kavanah to the supreme court?  democrats favor upholding any and every immoral law in this country.   who would prefer evil instead of doing what is good? ,not-offensive
7543,1,  democrats gun control and mass shootings data determined to be fraudulent.  democrats are liars once again.  ,offensive
7544,0,2.7 bilion euros would buy a lot of hospitals. another triumph for the  and their brilliant brexit team ,not-offensive
7545,1, come eat me drooling facesmiling face with heart eyesfork and knife with plateconfounded face ,offensive
7546,0,  strongest gun control in the country thinking face ,not-offensive
7547,1,  very pathetic man ! ,offensive
7548,0, whoa! flushed face  resist  liberals  fakenews  democrats  pp  antifa  womensmarch  maxinewaters  kavanaugh  hillaryclinton  maga  maddow  votered2018 the whole kitchen sink. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
7549,0,"                                                 gun control"""" only works for those who have the guns oncoming fistcollision if you have all of the guns, you will most definitely have all of the control."""" ",not-offensive
7550,0, that is awesome! ,not-offensive
7551,1, ms. clinton   you are a class act. my response to that idiot would likely land me in twitter jail  but would totally be worth it . i hope you run for office one day. ,offensive
7552,0," it is the same slippery slope"""" argument used very successfully by the gun lobby margaret. sure it is way outside the normal conversation but probably 60  of the country buys into that narative about gun control.  so what is the difference if the women's lobby uses it?"""" ",not-offensive
7553,0, eric smolder ex atty genl. epitome of the labamba govt. sheister. ,not-offensive
7554,0, he is tf that is the only hail mary that involed skill ,not-offensive
7555,0,  gun control is hitting the target where you intended to hit it.   since democrats want to infringe on everyone else's gun rights. I am ok with just banning them from dems. ,not-offensive
7556,1,   nope... with mm no way...maybe is time to ask sky what has gone wrong? because  foster from cnn have the book first than kp tweeted about the book...  liberals... from trump for americans to mm for british... i do not known who is worst ,offensive
7557,0, what if knowing that abortion is at stake in november mobilizes pro life forces? kavanaugh being denied makes it critical for conservatives to maintain the senate. because most  r  seats are not up for election it could be a blessing. ,not-offensive
7558,0,  picture of  antifa protest  ,not-offensive
7559,0,...conservatives and twitter.....oxymoronthinking face ,not-offensive
7560,0,. nails it   this is why conservatives must turnout this nov and stop democrats from winning the midterms backhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing down ,not-offensive
7561,0, of’rourke tell us texas citizens how you feel about law enforcement officers police officer‍female sign️. tell us about your immigration plan. tell us about your gun control plans. tell us about your tax plans. if you can not tell us what your views are you can not be senator. ,not-offensive
7562,1,"  the prison system is so fucked.  why are they still getting away with what is potentially murder with intent if the prisoners die in the hurricane? they did this in louisiana and like 500 inmates went missing"""""""" ",offensive
7563,0, funny thing i just asked a cop about this. he said anybody trying to steal your weapon you have a rock solid case against for self defense. on the other hand if the antifa shoots anybody they will get murder 1 because stealing a weapon is premeditation. ,not-offensive
7564,0,  he is a russian troll. look at the rest of his page. ,not-offensive
7565,1, its amazing that these demorats are elected to any public office! their total disregard of the us constitution and due process is abhorrent. they hung this woman out to dry and the woman refuses to come foward and its the conservatives fault ,offensive
7566,1, oh shit. ,offensive
7567,0,"   no there is no equivalence. it is not both sides."""" conservatives' contrived controversies, division and refusal to acknowledge basic facts will be our biggest obstacles for the foreseeable future."""" ",not-offensive
7568,1, can we all agree to pray for big dumb mike to keel over of a heart attack. he looks ripe. ,offensive
7569,0,if two or three allegations dems would be screaming pattern. 65 women came forward supporting kavanaugh is that not a pattern of good behavior? allegations must be heard but what happened to presumption of innocence? timing is suspect. what do you think   maga ,not-offensive
7570,0, she is the absolute worst!  elizabethholmes  theranos  60minutes so happy   cms shut this fraud down! ,not-offensive
7571,0,                                 good luck to you.thumbs up ,not-offensive
7572,0,  he is a senator and trump is president. he is not wrong. ,not-offensive
7573,0, you are right. we need to choose. trudeau is a punk. trump is not worried about him. we as a country need to decide if we want individual liberty more than an overbearing centralized government telling us how to live and wasting all out money on bureaucracy. like obamacare. ,not-offensive
7574,0, maga...the home of abject hypocrisy...... ,not-offensive
7575,1,more bad news for democrats backhand index pointing down  maga 🇺🇸 ,offensive
7576,0, great question. what say you    antifa working within our government and paid for by taxpayers?         ,not-offensive
7577,1, gutierrez  people died in puerto rico because gutierrez is a racist hispanic. ,offensive
7578,1, democrats suffering from trump derangement syndrome are desperate. their dirty tricks will not work and the end is inevitable.    maga   tds   walkawayfromdemocrats2018 ,offensive
7579,0,  yeah he is ,not-offensive
7580,0,   she is trying hard to keep a righteous spirit. ,not-offensive
7581,1, he should bash trump and that will change... liberals hate trump more than pedophiles. ,offensive
7582,0, this actually supports gun control.   he is alive. ,not-offensive
7583,0,   you can compare any two countries you like and you will always find the one with stricter gun control has a lower murder rate with no pattern in democratic freedoms. ,not-offensive
7584,0, that is why we had such a  h1t evonomy under him. ‘malaise’ not maga ,not-offensive
7585,1, no we can not be losing ab he is literally our whole offense ,offensive
7586,0, spanish  unjustice vs.  freedomofexpression and  humanrights  spain is a   fakedemocracy                 cddr  shameonspain    ,not-offensive
7587,0,   i thought conservatives were the ones trying to rewrite history? thinking face ,not-offensive
7588,1, and the liberals wonder why we do not want transgenders  in our bathrooms? ,offensive
7589,0, rssreachesout so called liberals exposed ..want talk with terror state .. but boycott rss covention. ,not-offensive
7590,1,  what are these new ideas?  speech laws gun control killing babies and thinking your entitled to free healthcare and rich ppls money just because you exis? ,offensive
7591,0, ugh put your antifa mask back on before you scare the children ,not-offensive
7592,0,"...those who stayed put over the past 12 months according 2 the federal reserve bank of atlanta.""""  maga"""" ",not-offensive
7593,1, morals?  you mean like aborting an infant? falsely accusing people?  antifa violence?  censoring free speech on campuses?  looting?  lying as you fill the deep state?  those morals? ,offensive
7594,0,  you are most welcome ,not-offensive
7595,1, shit you right face with tears of joy ,offensive
7596,1,   did you just say he? he has a female name. he is actually a she. actually get your facts right before making a stupid statement. everyone knows the game gets stale after a few months and the new dlc makes it interesting again. ,offensive
7597,0, I am late but neverthelesssss   happy birthday cel! hope you had a great day and continue being the person you are! all the love ♡♡♡ ,not-offensive
7598,1, antifa? as in anti fascism? damn who would not want that in america? maybe our ancestors who fought the nazis in ww2? ,offensive
7599,1, it is loudly crying face you get to see a good game and niggas working person shrugginglight skin tone‍female sign️ ,offensive
7600,0, but they promise free stuff from the magic money tree face with rolling eyesface with rolling eyesface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy  maga 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
7601,0,         I would rather not make jrm pm... grinning face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
7602,0," the touch makes him stiffen, hips pressing into that touch... I am not a fair maiden to win and carry home, barnes. i  bite ."""" and yet, he is merely holding on, no longer unaccustomed to such man handling..."""" ",not-offensive
7603,0, burt was awesome. ,not-offensive
7604,1, wow you are actually terrible. imagine being proud of getting people in a disaster zone finding water arrested.   the store owner did not want them arrested and you are an awful person. ,offensive
7605,0, we must all stick together to maga ,not-offensive
7606,0,   lmao. and yet it is called gauteng. face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy. dude just say you are arguing for the sake of not wanting to lose. nguni land? ahahahahahaha. do you know why vaal is called lekwa? do you know who king tshwane is? do you even know who thulare is? dude I am done with you. ,not-offensive
7607,1,    he totally dodged the question about how he is making millions of dollars off stormy daniels while she still has to strip to make a living. he is unethical. ,offensive
7608,0, he seems nice face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
7609,0,"         their old slogan was make a run for the border"""". does not get more  antifa than that, comrade."""" ",not-offensive
7610,1, he is a drunk crazy man. ,offensive
7611,0, i accept your apology and you are excused ,not-offensive
7612,1, I am fixing to say fuck it and get a crispy ass jogging suitface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
7613,0, can we just fast forward to the part where he is defensive about toad? ,not-offensive
7614,0, god bless my uncle has cancer too but she is in a better place now ,not-offensive
7615,0,    given the sheer scale of the numbers i suspect from time to time someone had to look in a pit and say “i recon that is 450 in that hole”..the point is big baz they are fucking big numbers clocked up by the far right left. I am interested in the initial claim of genocide by liberals ,not-offensive
7616,0,  why the hell would you want gun control if you think trump's a tyrant? ,not-offensive
7617,0,   immediately. anyone gets out of line they will get a 1 on 1 talk by og ragey. guaranteed everyone will behave. reeee. ,not-offensive
7618,0,     which side ran into a crowd killing someone? you mentioned antifa like they are anywhere close to the same hate filled platform that kkk is. all i heard from you was deflection and excuses. next ,not-offensive
7619,0, he was either looking to pray or for prey.  🤪 ,not-offensive
7620,0, he is leaning the wrong way ,not-offensive
7621,0,      liberal from the top down ,not-offensive
7622,1, the show must go on! we must have crazy liberals screaming and throwing a tantrum inside of that courtroom? if they let these same animals in as they did during the hearings this is just going to be another circus ,offensive
7623,0, and here are an antifa group after old boy nazi soros forgot to pay them... ,not-offensive
7624,0, i believe that the gun control laws should not be so strict because criminals will still obtain guns regardless of gun restrictions and would make it harder for a law abiding citizen to defend themselves against an attack. ,not-offensive
7625,1,   🇺🇸 because they think sen collins is a stupid coward   andall they have to do is bullie   sencollins  this is what🇺🇸conservatives have lives with for 9️⃣yrs now   please vote for kavanaugh  letgod take care of the rest ,offensive
7626,1,  he was fucking murdered and all you can talk about is marijuana? ,offensive
7627,0,"  we have a different opinion of what a better"""" gun control law looks like.smiling face with sunglasses  in one case an illegal alien with no right to be here is involved.  in the other case americans have 2a rights.  can you tell the difference between american rights and illegal aliens?"""" ",not-offensive
7628,0, blue jamie lee!! we will not miss ya.... ,not-offensive
7629,0, i really think he is going to be gooooooooooood. ,not-offensive
7630,0,join me in  boycottemmys  maga ,not-offensive
7631,0,        antifa are here telling people to go back to sleep. horrifying ,not-offensive
7632,0, that did not do it !  tougher sentencing laws and more focused crime enforcement did !  we all know tougher gun control laws do not work. ,not-offensive
7633,0, robertsrooms supporting open border candidate austin petersen. sells out  maga for payoffs. ,not-offensive
7634,0, i always strike lawyers. i served on a jury  civil  and the jury wanted me to decide the case and kept asking me to explain jury instructions. my take away is that the lawyer may hold too much sway in deliberations. but if he or she is on your side..... ,not-offensive
7635,1, how funny... wnba championship winners will not visit  stupidity of liberals is so amazing...and that face with the plastic stupidity proves it...oh...right...she might harm her little face...what is next...complete body armor... ,offensive
7636,0, google stock wayyy up. what is so bad with your trump world  google? ,not-offensive
7637,1, once again it is been proven that all gun control laws are intended to disarm the law abiding citizens and subvert the  2a. criminal *do not* care about gun laws. ,offensive
7638,0,   divert and defame...we voted him in to get things done...not b c he is well mannered ,not-offensive
7639,0,  john.  you are winning them over one by one.  be patient. ,not-offensive
7640,0, yayyyyy love you guys sm ,not-offensive
7641,0, god i hope she is' wrong! ,not-offensive
7642,0,         antifa has no place in anonymous. no censorship. ,not-offensive
7643,0,  richard cephalic is what he is.  its clinical  ,not-offensive
7644,1,  what difference does it make if the gun death was a “fight” or “random”! holding parents accountable could be part of gun control legislation. write you congressional representatives and demand it! until congress deals with  gun violence it will continue and all americans are at risk! ,offensive
7645,0, and has nothing to do with math! ,not-offensive
7646,1,  nurse is valuable in his own end!?!? have you watched him play? he rarely gets the puck out in first attempt. also not all that spectacular defensively. not worth what he is holding out for. ,offensive
7647,1,  she is a fake. vote her out. now she wants sympathy. ,offensive
7648,0,"  i think this is more a way to scare brexiteer conservatives into toeing the party line.  brexiteers are all for the will of the people"""" so long as the people agree with them."""" ",not-offensive
7649,0, my sister and her husband have been married 60 years as of next week. she is a tough act to follow  my first marriage ended after 7 . ,not-offensive
7650,0, now that is what i call gun control!! winking face ,not-offensive
7651,0, i have him in 2 leagues and he is probably getting a lifetime ban ,not-offensive
7652,0,  anthem protesters should consider what flag they could be living under... ,not-offensive
7653,0, liberals wasting our taxpayer money on this bs! ,not-offensive
7654,0, and my nephew is over there! trump has it right. get the f outta there! ,not-offensive
7655,0,  investigatechtistineford why is ford deleted her social media accounts? why is she all of a suddenly want to delay testimony? is ford an antifa activist? ,not-offensive
7656,0,  glad to follow don. great that he is trump supporter. ,not-offensive
7657,0, there is only one king goat ,not-offensive
7658,0, hate to break it to you but gun control does not affect suicide rates. it only changes the method. facts = hurt.. ,not-offensive
7659,1,   lil girl we having an adult conversation so take your thin ass on somewhere ya dig ,offensive
7660,1, i bet the first ones she calls when she is being robbed is those very same policepouting facedouble exclamation mark️. people are freaking stupid ... face with rolling eyes ,offensive
7661,0, its called espionage. he is doing it in plan site to help his bosses in moscow. ,not-offensive
7662,0,  globalization threatens nationality causing the alt right  concerns about destroyed values that keep us unified like the ten commandments and the constitution. then we have the alt left demanding their mini bolshevik indoctrination to oppress everyone and start a war. let god be ,not-offensive
7663,0,  anyone besides me think he is angling for sessions job saw today statement made only sitting senator would be approved as replacement otherwise senators would not stab session in back well not sure how it makes a difference but lg may be angling then send mueller packing ,not-offensive
7664,0, thank you sm and it was great meeting you too!! seeing you and my other favs reminded me that its so worth pushing through the pain to be able to do things like that!! ,not-offensive
7665,1, i think I will blame all the dumbasses for gun control ,offensive
7666,0,  not so bloodless for some  ... because antifa... ,not-offensive
7667,0,.    medicare is not  medicaid ...  liberals steal from the elderly and disabled to pay for    welfarefoall ,not-offensive
7668,1, why should any sexuality be an issue for kids this age? liberals are ridiculous ,offensive
7669,0, the one time i engaged with louise mensch was when she said was a russian op because it had a russian registrar. i tried explaining how the internet works with screenshots and stuff but got no reply. ,not-offensive
7670,0,  you are on twitter so you have the internet? here is a condensed basic history.  ,not-offensive
7671,0,"  very fair points  however, the facts still remain  1. mr. ramos did his job as every referee umpire does in any sport. he did not deserve to be called a thief"""". 2. serena as great as she is let her emotions get the better of her and embarrassed herself, ms. osaka and the game."""" ",not-offensive
7672,0, she has not been coached well enough yet.  this whole thing is a scam to delay a vote so that it is a midterm election talking point.  conservatives should make it a non issue by turning out in record numbers to support maga agenda and candidates. ,not-offensive
7673,1,"...I am smarter than he is, i would be fine, he can punch me all he wants and it would not work... and by the way this wealthy new yorker actually earned his money it was not a gift from daddy""""   jamie dimon smiling face with sunglasses  jpm"""" ",offensive
7674,0, northern az is good. look forward to seeing him there!  maga ,not-offensive
7675,0," i have found that my younger women doctors do not ignore me when i say i know my body, and are more inclusive of everything. the hospital even updated their sheets to include non binary"""" for gender and """"sexual identity"""" instead of the common """"sex gender"""" m f options."""" ",not-offensive
7676,0,  who cares what thiswacko does! not news!! ,not-offensive
7677,0,      we can stop mass shootings with out gun control but look at the mental health issues first just saying. ,not-offensive
7678,1,actually nvm dc animated films are the shit ,offensive
7679,0, jeff flake looks like he is flaking out on the confirmation. ,not-offensive
7680,0, no we no mames ,not-offensive
7681,1,  no kim you are a failure and your whole life has been ,offensive
7682,0, saw one a month ago in alabama where they said “radical liberals” were trying to stop his appointment over a clip of cory booker talking ,not-offensive
7683,1,                                                  anarchists are left wing extremists. they stand with antifa. ,offensive
7684,0,    antifa are brown shirts. you... just special. ,not-offensive
7685,0, yeah bro i know like i have pretty good gun control but the smg 12 is just insaneface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7686,0,  yogi bear  nick and nickelodeon  foodnetwork  hgtv  ancient aliens  hallmark channel  next channel to surpass cnn in ratings  espn ,not-offensive
7687,1,  even the parody antifa page could not  deal with this shit ,offensive
7688,0, sit down fredo. you are irrelevant. no one elected you. if you had minded your own business instead of trying to make yourself a player maybe you would not be headed for prison. do you realize if they take your daddy down first he cannot pardon you? ticktock. ,not-offensive
7689,1,"    the metoo movement is just an extension of the democrats kkk and the hate group antifa,  it is just another form of lynching those who oppose their agenda. metoo people jump on ban wagons, in the name of justice"""" to perpetuate mass bullying of those who threaten to expose them"""" ",offensive
7690,1,    you should know better to use common sense with hypocritical liberals.   keithellisonabuse ,offensive
7691,1,    using that thought conspiracy then it would be safe to argue that the liberals have concocted this and are stalling in order to help the liberals interest in that. the perfect pawn would play fearful of  the process thereby helping confuse and prolong the process. ,offensive
7692,0," it is hard to believe you are 39.  i remember you as the cute first daughter"""" in the white house.  i voted for your dad twice.  you have been a true force for good.  thank you."""" ",not-offensive
7693,0, he did not break shit.all he did was make himself look more foolish than normal ,not-offensive
7694,0, she said her supporting gun control is more legitimate because “she has more life experience with it”  she knew people who deservedly got shot by dorner  ,not-offensive
7695,0, it is not news that conservatives really hate our rights and freedoms. ,not-offensive
7696,0,"  why is not the basic issue of survival of the fittest"""" vs """"take care of everyone"""" the  dems main point.  is not this the core of all others ? gun control, wealth and income inequality, health care, entitlements, epa, glbl wrm.  most agree here ",not-offensive
7697,1, go after nra if they allowed gun control this would not happen. ,offensive
7698,0, he is a rino! like mccain was. why he is unelectable in arizona . ,not-offensive
7699,1, congratulaions. . . who were terrific. . . do not let some fucked up umpire ruin things for you. . . he would be happy he did. ,offensive
7700,0," and the gun control people say what? and the no gun zone"""" people, where are you? smh"""" ",not-offensive
7701,1,  omg shyt ,offensive
7702,0, he is beautiful just like his grandma bless him red heart️red heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
7703,1,     how does helpmto buy help the homeless??  oh. it does not does it? how does it help on low income??? oh it does not in work poverty at an all time high. how does it help them?? oh it does not. thanks for nothing ,offensive
7704,0, glad to hear you are ok.  my father went through surgery for bladder cancer last year and is now in remission at age of 88.  years of exposure to lacquer fumes while  spraying and staining cabinets may have contributed to his occurrance. ,not-offensive
7705,0,  remember when republicans destroyed merrill garlands career? no  neither do i! only dems   liberals can not tolerate views they disagree with. antifa great example! ,not-offensive
7706,0," does she expect a mob in pussy hats shouting we believe her"""" in unison, based on a general distrust of conservatives?"""" ",not-offensive
7707,1, fuck off  ,offensive
7708,0, not quite accurate.  true conservatives dislike trump.  it is everybody who is not a liberal or conservative that is displeased with her. ,not-offensive
7709,0,+++ i can not prove causation either but while the conservatives in cda surely love the idea of 𝙿𝚎𝚝𝚊𝚕𝚜 𝙼𝚌𝙿𝙾𝚄𝚃𝚂𝙵𝚊𝚌𝚎 ¬ bashing pm  can not help but think they are also egging the former to continue the bashing to boost their fortune s  vainly. ,not-offensive
7710,0, congratulations on being in san antonio for one year! i am glad you are working here! ,not-offensive
7711,1, most liberals know deep down that it is oppressive and misogynistic but that is better than being a racist islamophobe which is what you are according to liberals if you dare speak out against it.  this is how low the standard for debate is on topics like this. ,offensive
7712,1,    for a moment i thought you were about deaths  sounded fucked up sick at first. ,offensive
7713,0,  the rugrats believe in gun control ,not-offensive
7714,0,                      proud to follow all.  thanks for the follow back! ,not-offensive
7715,1, nike lost  3.75 billion after kaepernick was named face of “just do it” bullshit. ,offensive
7716,0,   i think staff is top 5 6 too. ben is just getting old and run down now but to say he is trash is crazy talk. he is had a good career. partially because the steelers have always been a good org but he is done his share to help also ,not-offensive
7717,1,  serves the bastards right! ,offensive
7718,0,    anonymous profile pic with 16 followers defending trump. see that a lot on his threads. whoever you are you have no idea if they are prepared or not. 2900+ people died in pr from their lack of preparedness and response after the damage. ice does not need  10m more to cage children. ,not-offensive
7719,0, do not face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7720,1,  trudeau and the metoo movement hahaha. he is on the wrong side there. funny how questions never went anywhere with trudeau. ,offensive
7721,1,  lock him up!  he is insane! ,offensive
7722,1,@ everyone who said jihoons new hair cut is ugly  you are wrong ,offensive
7723,0, you are a definite follow! of h ,not-offensive
7724,0, if you are considering leaving the republican party please do. we do not need anymore pretend republicans interfering with trump's awesome agenda. sounds like you need to just resign. ,not-offensive
7725,0, looks like the jokes on liberals again.   forttrump  poland  boomingeconomy ,not-offensive
7726,0, cmon eddie. there is no reason at all for you to be so rude. if i recall you are always begging for her back when you guys stop talking. stop trying to make it seem like she is a horrible person and you are this amazing guy...lmfao ,not-offensive
7727,1, ummm you can not hear what she hears because you are not bat poop crazy like she is. ,offensive
7728,0, truly sad there are so many other things we shud be talking abt gun control homeless getting those kids back 2 their parents but it is this fox facenews still talks abt you know donald trump has truly separate this country in many ways not just one way but many ways ,not-offensive
7729,0, I am ready for this yaaas ,not-offensive
7730,0,    yep fbi and cia were operating like the kgb.....to conservatives......much like robert kgb mueller is doing now ,not-offensive
7731,0,   hopefully all her boyfriends and or girlfriends will be interviewed. possibly past students that have said she is a little psyco before the kavanaugh questions on monday ,not-offensive
7732,1, he ruined the brand for what? kaepernick? ,offensive
7733,0, t1960  set 24 years before t1 in 1960 texas t 800 with no skin sent to kill sarah’s parents on their isolated farm before she is born  sara dad played by arnie fights t800 n wins but while holding defeated t800 get sucked to the future   explains why t800 r modeled after arnie looks ,not-offensive
7734,0, excellent timing! ,not-offensive
7735,0, dude has not been sober a day since 7th grade idc what it is at this point he is broken ,not-offensive
7736,0,    she is going to support trump.  raise to replace.  it is coming anyway. she is angry because her oral tapdance substantive betrayal shtick no longer is working ... ,not-offensive
7737,0,  liberals will be complaining that his presence hurts recovery in 5 ... 4 ... 3.... ,not-offensive
7738,0, then why are you on my page? why do not you stick with your merry trump mates if you think you can get a rise out of me you are sadly mistaken about that and other things ,not-offensive
7739,0,  liberals apparently think no one has rights unless having those rights furthers the leftist agenda.  i see it again and again and again. ,not-offensive
7740,0, good thinking ,not-offensive
7741,1, I would rather be buried alive ,offensive
7742,0,     you better pray hard because i will come in with him being guilty and he better prove he is innocent and if it is a child he can wrap it up prison is his destiny. women can lie but 1 in a million lie about sexual assaults and rape ,not-offensive
7743,0,   me too..he is a genius ,not-offensive
7744,1, k nvm fuck battlefield ,offensive
7745,0,    i would say you have a serious case of bias. have you seen the handiwork of antifa ? have you seen the dems like maxine waters calling for trump officials to be harassed then laughing about it. i could go on. are you kidding me? ,not-offensive
7746,1, this nigga prob made her infertile god only knows all the germs he brought back ,offensive
7747,0, evil in a white robe ,not-offensive
7748,1, president trump is keepinghis promises but this is the real reason he is hated. ,offensive
7749,0, you are 100  correct ,not-offensive
7750,0," people still trying to use the alt right"""" tag as a blanket statement on people that are in no way associated with """"alt right""""?  another reminder  the pbs exist because of the violent  antifa. yet antifa has many accounts on twitter."""" ",not-offensive
7751,0, he is all grown uploudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face ,not-offensive
7752,1,   she is a terrible person. ,offensive
7753,0,  i have. its horse dung. she can not remember when and where. it comes out at the last second. her parents lost a foreclosure case where his mom was the judge  she is a hardcore anti trump liberal  the  metoo is turning into blm antifa and there is 0 due process ,not-offensive
7754,0,   it seems to me that she is the one that has no real idea what she went through or whether or not she actually went through anything negative involving judge kavanaugh. her recollections are vague at best with absolutely zero corroboration. you are supporting a dangerous precedent ,not-offensive
7755,0, qanda fahrenheit 451 is coming regarding conservatives  and their thought police ,not-offensive
7756,0, so what i read was gun control does not work and ca politicians are working against californians sounds about right ,not-offensive
7757,0,  she is a class act is not she. kim the 2nd ,not-offensive
7758,0,  does not mean you are just fighting for the money. he loves to fight and wants to make the most money he can while doing it. ,not-offensive
7759,0,   one word  antifa. ,not-offensive
7760,0,  problem is your senator marco rubio is on the nra payroll. he is taken over 3 million dollars from nra and is not going to do anything about sensible gun control ,not-offensive
7761,0,  you are the poster child for marrying up. ,not-offensive
7762,0, how crazy you are a professor and you lie and slander conservatives. wow. lowest of the low. i hope you are proud of yourself. every false statement you have ever made is being revorded and you will be judged accordingly. best bet is to just sit down with   n talk ,not-offensive
7763,1, and i will never watch your movies again because you are a maniac! ,offensive
7764,0, cannibals liberal style. ,not-offensive
7765,0, so she was to put her happiness on hold for him to get himself together. she is not the because of his passing he overdosed. if anything he was his own destruction. you can not put the blame on her no one can. plus I am pretty sure she is just a messed up about his death as anyone. ,not-offensive
7766,1, shame on the tennis hierarchy who stole that from serena. she is a proven draw and the racists on the upper echelons  just can not handle it. ,offensive
7767,0,  people are awake. projection is no longer a tactic that liberals can successfully use. ,not-offensive
7768,0, haha great ending. modern  antifa is the most embarrassing movement since “nu” metal in the late 90s. these kids will look back the same way ex limp biscuit fans do and say what the fuck was i thinking!?! ,not-offensive
7769,0, f him. i would rather watch a cooking channel! i would have more respect if he led them into black genocide chicago where it would really matter. such left bulls   blk millionaires who did not even come out of their pools this summer for blk genocide ,not-offensive
7770,0,   really you should read what blake said. you are just another man completely missing the point ,not-offensive
7771,0,     trump uses a lot of misdirection intentionally. would need specifics you are referencing. media screaming he is lying is mostly their spin on it. take the wiretap claim for instance. trump was correct. they called him a liar for 18 months. ,not-offensive
7772,1, eminem may be an angry old man yelling about young people but i just really would not care unless he would be dressed as a roblox character while rapping ,offensive
7773,0,"1. my friend anthony believes that having school spirit is very important. he is truly proud to be a bobcat"""" and so am i!  fdom18  txst ",not-offensive
7774,1,"   give me a fucking break. liberals are so selective with their false outrage. a turd of a president gets rightfully railed for saying, grab them by the pussy"""" decades before but a hollyweird gets a pass for saying """"fuck the shit out of the boy next to him"""" gets a liberal pass? ",offensive
7775,0,    you are the 8 year old boy trump fixed the disaster you and crooked and barak left ,not-offensive
7776,0, arrest everyone of them! we should be doing the same to antifa when they block roads! ,not-offensive
7777,1," endpc  teaching guide for  portland public schools celebrates islam, communists, terrorists,  abortion  promotes  guncontrol and transgenders""""     endculturalmarxism"""" ",offensive
7778,1,"  yeah, poor conservatives for having eyes that see, and ears that hear.   if you are loving your brain bath , then continue on , pretty soon pedophlia will be your next great virtue to champion as you see kind loving pedo's dawn your tv set to make you march in line and resist""""."""" ",offensive
7779,1,  steroid girl in steroid rage ,offensive
7780,0,  he is u15..let me know if you have any more info on other clubs. I am definitely interested. thanks alot. ,not-offensive
7781,0,  tell me again ?? ,not-offensive
7782,1, sis mandys no nose havin ass from the grim adventures of billy and mandy can smell that shit wheeew ,offensive
7783,0,"the senate and the supreme court have been granted too much power""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
7784,1,too bad life sucks 4 you  schiff4brains face with tears of joy  yo your going down along wi  yo your other criminal friends. only red line crossed is the lies you tell. you will never b anything more than the belly of a snake  maga  trump2020  schiff4brains ,offensive
7785,0, cue the gun control crowd. ,not-offensive
7786,1, he can suck it. ,offensive
7787,0,   no gun laws have prevented the violence in chicago or dc where laws are far more strict. gun control laws lead to the deaths of innocent people who can not protect themselves from criminals. ,not-offensive
7788,0, he is such a cutie! i love him! ,not-offensive
7789,1,anyone have any guesses as to what   and  will lie about this week?? a  the world is ending friday b  give me all your money and I will triple it by tomorrow c   knows everything   just listen to her d   maga ,offensive
7790,0,  you do know antifa is far left republicans are peaceful we just only use violence to protect ourselves from antifa. ,not-offensive
7791,1, obama was the devil incarnate and trump is jesus christ himself. i get where you are coming from. ,offensive
7792,0,  when a white man commits murder conservatives say he is mentally ill. if an immigrant commits murder they blame religion and nationality and smear an entire nation of people. bigotry. ,not-offensive
7793,1, any amount you shit fuck ,offensive
7794,0,  how do you decide truth with accusation from incident 35 years ago? the big lie! he has been confirmed multiple times and no accusations. this is the liberal mo. conservatives not falling for it again!!!!!! ,not-offensive
7795,0, good for you jimmy... your one pare will offset the 50  plunge their market shares are about to take ,not-offensive
7796,1,I am shocked that this gun addict is also an alleged pervert!    nra  2a  molonlabe  gunsense  momsdemand  maga  wednesdaywisdom ,offensive
7797,0,  love watching replays of election night 2016. and watch the media completely m let down. ,not-offensive
7798,0, guess everybody gets “f” because hillary are not got none ,not-offensive
7799,0,    the uk only has a fraction of the population and had a fraction of the number guns we do not to mention a gun culture and demand of which there is ample supply here. uk type of gun control will not work here but will exaserbate the gun problem. ,not-offensive
7800,0,  haha...i thought omg! he was red pilled! i looked back through my replies and it only goes about a month back. i could not find the convo..so thought I would ask. have a good one brother!  maga ,not-offensive
7801,0,   if you are hosting them you are at least nominating them for a prize! do not be teasers! ,not-offensive
7802,0,  did you c the smile on that kids face afterwards?....was beautiful....  maga red heart️🇺🇸princessmedium light skin tonekiss mark ,not-offensive
7803,0,                  following  maga ,not-offensive
7804,1, woooow trump voters are getting really crazy maga ! ,offensive
7805,0, you have no plan for the environment. even conservatives should be able to understand that you have to be able to live on the planet to make money there. ,not-offensive
7806,0,    does your mom know you are on twitter? ,not-offensive
7807,1,  why do not they want health care? why do they want rich people to pay less taxes? why do not they care about the deficit? why do not they want any gun control? why are they so afraid of immigrants? why are they so full of hate when they control all branches of government? why??? ,offensive
7808,0, thank you very much. she is a great performer tottori prefectural residents take proud in. ,not-offensive
7809,1,  he is virtue signaling playing with young minds. he also thinks he can weaponise it in an attempt to stop brexit.   is a disgraceful vile man to be honest he does not care who or what he uses to get what he wants. ,offensive
7810,0, bullshit there is rich liberals too so what are you saying ??? ,not-offensive
7811,1,  i fully support antifa. i give them money. white nationalism is cancer in a proudly multicultural society. it should be illegal. it is in germany. we had two wars over this issue. white nationalists lost both. we are done with this discussion. ,offensive
7812,0,  do not be so humble...  you and your liberals here on twitter do nothing but divide americans... you deserve the credit. ,not-offensive
7813,0, plannedparenthood is still receiving over half a billion dollars a year from the  usgoverment.  abortion is another form of  slavery   savethe8th  prolife  ccot  rednationrising  teaparty  conservatives  maga do not  repealthe8th  teaparty  pjnet ,not-offensive
7814,0, because he is coming you bruh!!!  ,not-offensive
7815,1,  fake news. who in their right mind would go along with this nut? ,offensive
7816,0, as we now know there were scandals.  they were covered up very well.  that is coming to end.  slowly but surely. ,not-offensive
7817,1, the reason liberals should be deported. they are just to sick and twisted to fix. ,offensive
7818,0, copycat ,not-offensive
7819,0,  we r working 2 save our country from ppl like you.  appropo you you setting the flag on fire just like you set justice on fire.  lockherup.  maga ,not-offensive
7820,0," inb4 antifa is not an extremist group!"""" source  """"antifa  the anti fascist handbook"""" by mark bray ",not-offensive
7821,1, and who would listen to a man that robbed american taxpayers of millions of dollars and gave it to iran?  not me! ,offensive
7822,0,"fbi had """"two sets of records"""" on trump investigation  comey, mccabe implicated  carter""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
7823,0,     sis she is. and i did answer you but you are to focused on bashing me. sis that is just  your opinion. mine is that she is a versatile artist and has many good albums. say the truth for what it is. just say you hate selena and go ,not-offensive
7824,0,    why do not you get a job that has health care or better yet get off your lazy ass and look for better insurance ,not-offensive
7825,0, she is beautiful ,not-offensive
7826,1,  you will be voted out all together you crazy bat... ,offensive
7827,0, i plan on it ,not-offensive
7828,0, school food ass anywaysface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
7829,0, at least you are honest laugh my ass off ,not-offensive
7830,0, melbourne did not like me can i join you instead i even have a flag  rimmy4antifa ,not-offensive
7831,0," uh...all of their signatures are on the record"""", genius.  locomotive  maga"""" ",not-offensive
7832,0," she was drunk, this rape is her fault.""""  """"he was drunk, this rape is not his fault.  said no one, except the crying liberals making more stuff up. you guys are laughable."""" ",not-offensive
7833,1, but the frogs said it was not a  muzzie terriorist attack. ,offensive
7834,1,    feinstein needs to go. her husband should be investigated for his  china deals and the post office deals. she is conflicted and this is below dignity ,offensive
7835,0, that is deplorable. still have not explained why this is relevant to me somehow.   I have also appeared on the same exact show with an antifa homosexual who has hiv. ,not-offensive
7836,1,  we should meet her face to face! she will not be speaking like that much longer. she is a horrid person! somebody will teach her that you reap what you sow. she will find out the hard way. she is just ugly inside!!! fubar! ,offensive
7837,1,   we are calling you an operative . or shill. and more important a bigot for refusing to apologize for your actions to a woman just because she is not a scientologist. you will not even acknowledge what you did or defend or explain it despite how many times it has been asked already? ,offensive
7838,0,  the ironic part about this tweet is that the model in this gif teased a darkskin model for her natural 4c hair ,not-offensive
7839,1,"9 9 push a narrative. remember it is their place to tell us what to think. well I will gladly be, as hillary said a deplorable"""", """"irredeemable""""  or as gropy joe  just said, """"dregs of society"""". tells us all how they feel about the middle class, christians and conservatives.  votered"""" ",offensive
7840,0," here comes the he was no angel"""" argument. face with rolling eyesface with rolling eyesface with rolling eyes  she is guilty of breaking and entering and murder. who cares about some flowers that may or may not have been planted there by police."""" ",not-offensive
7841,0,    just give up. you are desperate to spread hate and the more you do the more we send love to the victim. you have lost your humanity. stop and think what you are trying to achieve because you look like you want to start a war on innocent people. ,not-offensive
7842,1,   david birnbaum    the invisible man…except at election time. exactly what is worst about the liberals…arrogance and complacency. did i mention arrogance and contempt for the electors? ,offensive
7843,0, i can not believe quin invented gun control ,not-offensive
7844,1,  bro i randomly tried this dns shit and it worked first time what the fuck ,offensive
7845,0, ihmykgodoosj he is the epitome of beauty ,not-offensive
7846,1, they are hoping all over it. but then they are probably the biggest crowd of racist bigots in the country they back antifa ,offensive
7847,1,   he did not pay a money for his accounts and stuff.  so he is now a stranger.  and everything it is because of his obsession for sonic.  i hope that he dies there. ,offensive
7848,0, boo hoo shu.....you are never on the right side of winning. ,not-offensive
7849,0,"    nothing abusive should ever be done to anyone!  including the women and people of this country she is putting under horrible stress worrying about what she is going to do.  this should have been an easy no"""" from her if she is who she says she is.  and i agree with you gabby!"""" ",not-offensive
7850,0,   she is just so effortlessly funny smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
7851,1,  i suggest using handcuffs to remove you! ,offensive
7852,1,  god thing we have beto in texas. he is for decriminalizing crossing the border. he is for reasonable gun control for texas citizens. someone could get hurt if citizens try to defend themselves. poor arizona you need a beto of your own. ,offensive
7853,0,i now have over 6k followers.  only 94k to go to get to my goal!   trumptrain  maga  kag ,not-offensive
7854,0,          thank you moe! grinning face with smiling eyestornadotornado   maga   trumptrainportal ,not-offensive
7855,1,"     with the caption so much for the tolerant left"""" ... yup you fit the description of antifa . i suspect you are not a threat as i doubt you can attack any reporters from your mom's basement."""" ",offensive
7856,0, anyone supporting nike or kap is antiamerican ,not-offensive
7857,0,  that is perfectly true. torys and labour are different but pretty much extreme it looks like normality does not exist anymore. none of them is even able to name the problem as it is how can they solve anything. not that liberals would be that much better ,not-offensive
7858,1, 2 ways for president trump to lose in 2020. gun control and an immigration bill with no wall. ,offensive
7859,0," heavenly father i ask for a hedge of protection for those in the path of this horrendous storm. may god bless the usa, the potus and the patriots of this great nation! may god's wrath fall upon all tyrants, human traffickers and those who betray our great nation! wwg1wga"""""""" ",not-offensive
7860,0, hang in there. she is alive. ,not-offensive
7861,0,  so true for lucky she is appearing in lot of projects ,not-offensive
7862,1,  target is brilliant with this. keep an eye out  esp online as there is online only shit that is amazing  because 1. autumn  so oranges!  and also target on thanksgiving black friday is thee place to stock tf up on sheets for the year. ,offensive
7863,0, god help every citizens whether they are republicans or democrats ,not-offensive
7864,0,  still you are very good. but I am down to play. scared money do not make money they say. ,not-offensive
7865,0,    that is to say i was aware it was not written for me. that is ok though. you can tell that she really loves the housewife culture she is writing about. imagine shirley jackson without the misanthropy. ,not-offensive
7866,1, he is a troll.  not open to facts ,offensive
7867,1,     liberals do not address. they insult and attack. ,offensive
7868,0,                    be best. be  maga  white heavy check markfollowing amazing patriots. ,not-offensive
7869,1, yoo our dogs should totally fuck ,offensive
7870,1,  when robyn posts a selfie the world stops for a moment to appreciate it ,offensive
7871,0," be patient with us we have autism"""" cap!"""" ",not-offensive
7872,1,   nasty a   liberal sheep...you are prime example of sheeple with no brain. ,offensive
7873,0, when you are playing inside you do not get beat inside. i agree not a major mistake.  I am glad you found it because i was questioning my mind again. ,not-offensive
7874,0,            you stated the 1994 awb was constitutional. i asked you to provide the scotus case.   the response about the alleged support for gun control to that is a complete non sequitur. ,not-offensive
7875,0,  thank you  your bravery is duly noted. ,not-offensive
7876,1,    by any chance did you sexually assault girls in high school? that would explain why you are so eager to overlook the possibility such a horrid crime and insist on a double standard which benefits you and the alt right and back up your justifications wi obvious lies.  i bet I am right... ,offensive
7877,0,  it is ok that you are confused. paul guenther is a proven dc and play caller. we are rebuilding and trying to remain competitive at the same time. we will have steady improvement ,not-offensive
7878,0,"  and do not forget her comment I am not some woman standing by my man like tammy wynette"""" but she was and she is. thus, she is his complicit enabling bimbo"""" ",not-offensive
7879,0, i hope you would give your expert advice on the economic matters to the govt. of pakistan even if you are not a member of the economic council. position posts do not matter. one can serve the country without any position or post if one really wishes to do something for the country ,not-offensive
7880,0, i get several of these per week as well. they all seem to be stranded in ghana or something like that and need me to transfer money to them.  one used the picture of polish model ewa sonnet  do not ask me how i know who she is...  ,not-offensive
7881,0,    post hoc ergo propter hoc.  your homicide  and gun violence!  rates have increased steadily over the decades since the 1st implementation of gun control laws. homicides have recently dropped  unrelated to any significant gun measure  yet police are demanding to be armed. ,not-offensive
7882,0, staffpick  'a human rights crisis'  us accused of failing to protect citizens from gun violence ,not-offensive
7883,0,1. i got a dig bick 2. you that read wrong 3. you read that wrong too 4. you checked 5. you smiled 7. you are wondering why you are still this reading this 8. you saw that mistake... right?  on 7  9. but did you see that i skipped 6? 10. you checked.  30 seconds you will not get back ,not-offensive
7884,1,  good shit my bad though ,offensive
7885,0,   i was 15 ==  i can remember everything time place witnesses i told and who drove me home i was glad i was still alive.  too many women out here know the truth so who are the dems running this scam for?  their gruber brained antifa crowd?  naw who then? ,not-offensive
7886,0,  i cri evritiem ,not-offensive
7887,1, i think becka belongs in that room with the trash making comments like that. i do not hear you denouncing antifa...who ironically models their flag after the nazis. ,offensive
7888,0, he is the al but if were talking entire mlb i will still take arenado all day defensively over chapman. ,not-offensive
7889,1,      fuck if i fry with no money imagine if there was ,offensive
7890,0, go roger i quit watching anyway nfl is on the way down the people are moving kids to soccer golf tennis shame but kneelers are killing the game ,not-offensive
7891,0, i know a lot of democrats you wish good things for her butt she turned to the dark side. ,not-offensive
7892,0,how wonderful to see our president on the ground in new burn nc handing out hot meals and spending time with the hurricane victims!!! rare site to see a us president who cares so much about the american people. we love you  so thankful for your service to our country.  maga ,not-offensive
7893,1,    liberals are vile vicious and disgusting ,offensive
7894,0, i know! she is still alive....but wondering if her career was railroaded? odd! loved her...especially that day! ,not-offensive
7895,1, breitbart has become neocon establishment and is fake news the worst of the lot is alex marlow a total loser . watch or listen to fault lines with stranahahn and nixon instead probably the best show of its kind. stranahahn fired by breitbart for being too good. ,offensive
7896,0, stop giving this family air time. it is exactly how trump is where he is. ,not-offensive
7897,1, the war on conservatives =antifa ,offensive
7898,0, i can not wait till antifa dorks get shot trying this. ,not-offensive
7899,0,  qanon devotees only   the shooting at sandy hook elementary school in 2012 was a hoax or false flag to curry favor for gun control ,not-offensive
7900,0, rip comrade!  antifa ,not-offensive
7901,1, conservatives believe attempted rape is a form of flirting.  that is why we are getting all the “if you look into my past you will not believe what i did” nonsense. ,offensive
7902,0,   it would destroy her life. the entire right wing juggernaut would run her down   every ex boyfriend interviewed etc. she is the innocent party. he is the one trying to grab a lifetime power position. ,not-offensive
7903,0,  democrats will say he should not be confirmed because of it. republicans will say she is politically motivated and has no evidence to prove her claim. and a week from now we will be right back where we were. ,not-offensive
7904,1,  hope you are right about that last part. but I have learned it is pointless to underestimate the stupidity of tx conservatives. ,offensive
7905,0, 45 is sweating. he knows he is screwed..tick rock. orange is the new orange. ,not-offensive
7906,0,3 yrs connected on facebook  kathy you are soooo lucky rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing not really i am blessed to have you as a friend ,not-offensive
7907,0,   have you seen or listened to your antifa pals? ,not-offensive
7908,0, by the way when do we get to the dog kennel on the roof of the station wagon part? now that is dog whistling ,not-offensive
7909,0,     the tea party was the symptom not the because. it started with jerry falwell and the moral majority that was formed in the 1970s. the gop aligned with them as social conservatives rather than sticking with their fiscal conservative platform. the tea party grew out of that. ,not-offensive
7910,0,*shuving tide pods in mouth* need more gun control nomnom nom nom ,not-offensive
7911,0," the pit bull debate is just like gun control. pit bull kills someone and here comes pictures here is my loving pit."""" gun kill's someone and its """"i have 4 guns and they never killed anyone."""""""" ",not-offensive
7912,0,  is this reputation’s next single ?? thinking facethinking faceeyes ,not-offensive
7913,1," but but but we need more gun control right? oh wait... guess that does not stop criminals, only law abiding citizens. which is known. so.... think on why they"""" want to control you and disarm you."""" ",offensive
7914,0, i think it is a stupid choice not to put the planting of the flag in there.  you are intentionally saying fu when you could be having audiences clap and cheer because of the accomplishment of the nasa team and the country’s support.  not going to see it. ,not-offensive
7915,0, no  maga is true  many  are  getting  arrested  ,not-offensive
7916,0," your article on clay travis politics in sports """" is the same old antifa like rant"""" ",not-offensive
7917,0, glad you are the same person. keep up the good hard work. ,not-offensive
7918,1,  me too! jacks a sack! we conservatives tweet in a barrel! ,offensive
7919,1,"                                                  now you touched visa mata's raw nerve by saying modi for 2019"""" that is why she may block you soon  she is having wild wet dream of being pm after modi fail to get full majority in 2019.  please do not wake her up from her dream of bhajpaa getting 160 seat in 2014"""" ",offensive
7920,0,"4 5 despite dissent within   declared “all canadians are aware of the need for changes to canada’s gun control system. this government is committed to the reduction of crime, and effective gun control measures are an important part of canada’s criminal law. ",not-offensive
7921,0,  quit being a fig and stop allowing violence against conservatives on your platform ,not-offensive
7922,1, another insane of.. appointees.. amounting to nut n.. jwb.. the next one    could be real famous.. former..first black president.. or former first black lady... just sayn it...and freedom of speech... r my am of!! ,offensive
7923,1, american liberals will eat their own young to maintain power. everyone is a racist a rapist  a fascist keep everyone addicted to social programs do not teach them to fend keep them addicted to government do not let them think for themselves dems will keep black n hispanics chained ,offensive
7924,0, and there was much rejoicing ,not-offensive
7925,0,  caribbros please fix oroshimaru he is broken he teleports and he can spawn a lot of snakes but players can only spawn one thing how are we onna beat him if he is so broken and glitchy!pouting facepouting face ,not-offensive
7926,1, childish and unprofessional. ,offensive
7927,1, you are ridiculous and need to retire! ,offensive
7928,0,    pre existing clause is still there. that is the one good thing about aca. the only ones i hear talking about taking it away is the liberals. it is a scare tactic I am going to. ,not-offensive
7929,0," yemen's mukalla, once overrun by al qaeda, tries gun control. “in other places, manhood is proven by carrying weapons.  ",not-offensive
7930,0, great sis ,not-offensive
7931,0, limousine liberals. ,not-offensive
7932,1," god's chosen leader"""" my ass!  fuck christian conservatives!!!  baptist pastor brian kaylor claims sarah huckabee sanders lies to defend “god’s chosen leader” ",offensive
7933,0, how are you going to communicate with customers ,not-offensive
7934,0, she is very beautiful also her hair. ,not-offensive
7935,0,  you can not tell us  conservatives that  did not connive with  to keep all of this under wrap till time for final potus vote.. dirtypolitics ,not-offensive
7936,1, another illegal ,offensive
7937,0, so you are advocating for a 35 person debate or what? ,not-offensive
7938,1,this guy is a disgusting little perv.  maga ,offensive
7939,0,2   maximebernier supporters  not conservative enough.   we need to move to the right!!!  but max says room for the ndp but not conservatives.  i do not understand why thoughtful conservatives are not calling out this hypocrisy.  i keep getting this meme   it is a fraud. ,not-offensive
7940,0,@ my lrt I am dydinv g she is beautiful ,not-offensive
7941,1,       and your president respects all of that. you liberals do not. ,offensive
7942,0, i can not drink. ,not-offensive
7943,0, you have not a clue of what you are talking about. you can not even tell the difference between a real nazi and a freedom loving minority. ,not-offensive
7944,0, “she is such a cutie ,not-offensive
7945,0,  keep up the good work jurky   you will have ca broke by the time you leave just about there today.....yes i sold my property in rancho mirage     limited hurt..... ,not-offensive
7946,1, you turn a dull tuesday night into a super sexy one! so hot! firefirefire ,offensive
7947,1,   because some people are bastards. you are hopelessly naïve if you think plenty of frauds will not take advantage of this law change for malign purposes. ,offensive
7948,0," all voting is strategic. my comment re  whiteness"""" was meant to show how white liberals ignore that fact in making blanket aasertions about voting d, and when they turn criticism of biden into an opportunity to lecture ppl in """"safe"""" d states that they must vote dem. it is inane."""" ",not-offensive
7949,1,  smut straight from hell ,offensive
7950,0,. was first trustee to join   to lead the charge since 2015 to divest from fossil fuels.  she is a true accomplished progressive who actually gets results.   vote letitia james for ny ag tomorrow  democratic primary  sept 13th  ,not-offensive
7951,1, fuck them all. complete morons ,offensive
7952,0,  you are ....... ,not-offensive
7953,0, soros' people are really vicious and out of control.  he or one of his allies probably plans and funds antifa.  they are actually trying to take over the government. ,not-offensive
7954,0, and the only people who actually watch the emmys are low intellect liberals and crackheads. ,not-offensive
7955,0,   your hatred is so deep that you construct the truth on how you want to see it. trump continually insist on saving social security and it was obama who bow down to every country and apologize for america. what is wrong with you are you that anti american because of trump wow ,not-offensive
7956,0,              followed all patriots that i was not already following smiling face with open mouth pls follow back! thanks  for a great list of trumpsters! maga!  patriotsunite ,not-offensive
7957,0,   what the hell has his location at the time of the shooting got to do with anything? people do not have to be shot to fight for gun control! usually they can not after the event because they are usually dead! ,not-offensive
7958,0,hispanics flourishing in trump economy  maga ,not-offensive
7959,0,"  and if the resistance"""" wins   permanent k college indoctrination and censorship  likewise social media, h'wood and msm  open season' on trumpists by antifa types.  exponential growth of dsa  which we are only now hearing about  in gov't.  and evisceration of bor, esp. 1a and 2a"""" ",not-offensive
7960,0,   but under  trump they agreed to take him back to germany. so thank you  !! ,not-offensive
7961,0, what about the life after they are born.  like gun control. health insurance for everyone. ,not-offensive
7962,0,  needs to get over it. it is been 5 years since he has not played for the birds. move on already. there is hardly anyone still on the team from when he played with the birds. he is starting to sound bitter that he does not have a ring ,not-offensive
7963,0, awww his poor pocket. try something else ,not-offensive
7964,0,  send in some of your antifa super soldiers to sort these tommy robinson fans out. ,not-offensive
7965,0,"  to the view"""" all the persons involves in the show  please you are better than """"this"""" to have self promoting """"stripper"""" on with her lawyer  please don`t lower your standards !!!"""" ",not-offensive
7966,0, stylistic nuances are trivial. you shud prioritise a level of discretion and ambiguity that keeps  your adult life from being harmed by leftist elites and their antifa shocktroops ,not-offensive
7967,0,  yep. here she is defying us to take another picture. ,not-offensive
7968,0, joe’s number one rule is respect 90. wc did not. i love the kid. he is kind of gassed. frustrated that hitting went bad after all star game. he will learn from it. go cubs! ,not-offensive
7969,1,i got more common sense than all of my followers     ,offensive
7970,0,            you rock brother. i am proud of my antifa badge of honor i earned last year! ,not-offensive
7971,1,  bitch i want to know ,offensive
7972,1, sam was singing and they did not tell her to stop singing and she thanked them!! unbelievable!!! who the hell is she talking to?! it is bad enough when she is talking to one of the houseguest !! but to keep talking to herself! wonder what her family think about her going nuts! ,offensive
7973,0,  we loved hearing laura speak in duluth! she is truly a strong supporter of our beloved president...we need to flip mn red!!!! ,not-offensive
7974,1, get your shit together ,offensive
7975,1, he is bafoonicus ! ,offensive
7976,0,        get your point but not sure how many years they were in different districts total? but teams in same district can still meet up in semis in the old district format from 2002 2017. in fact a district runner up won the 3a football title a year ago. ,not-offensive
7977,1,  so let me get this straight they want us to hold off on the confirmation hearing for what? polygraph is inadmissible. all to hear he said she said? ford signs paper in trump case against illegal separations? and cavanagh has just about every woman stating he is honorable. vote ye ,offensive
7978,0,         or where 25 oct 2005 brazil citizens overwhelming voted “no” on the government implementing strict gun control by a factor of 63.9   and the brazilian government still violates that referendum everyday as brazilians are murdered w zero effective method of self defence ,not-offensive
7979,1, i love yo cute ass ,offensive
7980,0,exclusive  soros backed activists slip cash to anti kavanaugh protesters before arrests via  ,not-offensive
7981,1,  no they are not! they have all said she could speak in or out of the public and she should be heard! stop spreading lies! of course you liberals think you should just ruin his life with no evidence ,offensive
7982,1, bro they were laughing into her face and almost pissing their pants and i was standing beside it like what the fuck mind  your own business ,offensive
7983,1,  the ‘antifa’ crowd? what a quack. ,offensive
7984,0,  she is way beyond stunning.  give the word stunning a whole new meaning  .  q  qanon   maga   qarmy   wwg1wga ,not-offensive
7985,0,     where did i say he is unplayable? that was the other guy. but vs houston on the switches in a potential first round series? sheesh it would not be nice ,not-offensive
7986,0,     do the mass school shooting numbers take republicans’ disinterest in gun control to keep their nra   coming into account? ,not-offensive
7987,1,"            antifa does not beat facsists to try to get them to change their mind   they know it is a lost because to try to change a fascist's mind. they do it to scare them into hiding, to demoralize them, and to stop the spread of their hateful ideology. there is no forcing views on others""""."""" ",offensive
7988,0, she is perfect in every way!!! ,not-offensive
7989,0,  lmfao!!!! ,not-offensive
7990,0, do not get me started on the head of special needs she is on another planet ,not-offensive
7991,0,  hey you all take this shit to dms aight ,not-offensive
7992,0, i loved the house bunny. and the remembering names voice was funny. my family and i watch mom it is great. I am a recovered addict or moderately recovered if you are one who counts pot lol. it is a very good show. ,not-offensive
7993,0,   we need gun control laws to be safer and changed in florida. this is why i am voting for the democrats to help make our environment and health care better for us all! please get out and vote! ,not-offensive
7994,1, pussy ,offensive
7995,0, your dad is my idol an he is raising to amazing young men ,not-offensive
7996,0, clearly durbin lived under a rock for those eight years! ,not-offensive
7997,1,    lol!!!   throwing the bullshit flag on such nonsense!!   putuporshutup    kavanaugh    maga    callthevotealready ,offensive
7998,0, we were tired of gun violence long ago. unfortunately the gop has allowed the nra gun lobby to take over the issue. many gun owners support some basic common sense gun control but you would not know it from the lobbying. ,not-offensive
7999,0, he wants to be the senator of north mexico. ,not-offensive
8000,0,  you took a sip of your trusty vault 13 canteen ,not-offensive
8001,0, following the constitution is not victimizing.   and liberals in general despise the constitution. ,not-offensive
8002,0,  there are not any principled conservatives ,not-offensive
8003,0,  because he is the most influential person in politics.  much smarter than anyone on the left.   air america worked out well did not it............. ,not-offensive
8004,1, holy shit this is sick  0 ,offensive
8005,0, the suicide rate in america is similar to other countries that have strict gun control.they use other the you.k. jumping from cliffs and bridges is a common method. ,not-offensive
8006,0,     3  i will always defend the 2nd. but not the nra who when i 1st joined was about promoting and educating gun owners and the public about guns. no hypocrisy here amy well except maybe on your part. for your information i know a lot of liberals that a members of the nra. i do not always agree with them ,not-offensive
8007,0,      he is also the one who started using cambridge analytica ,not-offensive
8008,1,  kerry needs prosecuted for colluding with iran. this needs to be done quickly. revoke his security clearance and remove his passport. he is a traitor  always has been! ,offensive
8009,0, i would be surprised if she is even on tomorrow ,not-offensive
8010,0,  vinnie’s going to hunt me down at an antifa march.  should not be hard to recognise me  face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
8011,1,no. i respect him for sticking up for his wife but let us not forget that he is running around screaming maga and said slavery sounds like an option to him. ,offensive
8012,0, apparently she was a diva when she was with heathers and i think she might have gotten fired for it? and she said something like 2 years ago that people took as being trans or homophobic i do not remember ,not-offensive
8013,1, and when they met he looked at her and said I am in charge in you are my bitch. even though he knew that she is a domme and was there in that capacity. he tried to control the situation and take over and she had to shut him down and get the hell out of there so she did not get hurt. ,offensive
8014,0,   mark my words   bluewave2018 water wavewater wave ,not-offensive
8015,1, why in the hell would i do that? the left already hates me enough. black conservatives are not liked in this country. i comment and fight because of that. ,offensive
8016,0, why are you the way that you are ,not-offensive
8017,1,   exactly. i have not watched in two years and i refuse to. as a former  fan i think jerry jones is a disgrace to the people who have helped make him as rich as he is. ,offensive
8018,1, he is an egomaniac and does not like to lose so he will spend money for free agency and his drafts are better ,offensive
8019,1, damn hope you find some bitch face with tears of joy i bought some yesterday lmaoooo ,offensive
8020,0, drill baby drill ,not-offensive
8021,1,"           yeah. that is kind of the fashy thing right now. the proud boys scumbags wear tshirts saying pinochet did nothing wrong""""  and antifa are the ones who are violent? please. it is been an actual fascist every time this has been brought up in my experience. like dude here, who stopped.."""" ",offensive
8022,1, rssreachesout now its open to everyone who really is intolerant. shame on these psuedo liberals ,offensive
8023,0, he is an actor and a comedian not a political leader ,not-offensive
8024,1, you would never guess that this employee plays covet  a fashion game  on her ipad in her free time. mobile phone  she has a strange phobia of dogs.dog  she is amazingly weird! she can jump over her foot while it is in... ,offensive
8025,0, and I am assuming the people waiting to see him and who gave it to him are just as deficient ,not-offensive
8026,0, does penn state produce criminals too? ,not-offensive
8027,0, because it is the truth...and they do not like that one bit. does not fit their agenda  maga ,not-offensive
8028,0,  he is no pope!! ,not-offensive
8029,0,   i do not think you have a clue what leadership and liberals have the temperament of 2 year old children being told no....you have the intellectual brilliance of a goat.. please stop tweeting. tds  is making look quite the fool.. ,not-offensive
8030,1,  you know good and goddamn well that if you tried to explain all the gun control on a military base is proof that gun grabbing laws will not do shit if you look at fort hood. ,offensive
8031,0,  the fall of the church of rome? ,not-offensive
8032,1, blame trump???  you bunch of idiots. blame the corruption over in pr ,offensive
8033,1, smiling face with open mouth   cold sweatsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweatsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweatsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweatsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweatsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweatsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweatsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweatsmiling face with open mouth   cold sweat gun control fun a statue of a stupid child under a desk are going to change peoples if that is the case they are stupid because i for will not give up my firearms or free speech or my rights to no one or no government! fuck you! ,offensive
8034,0,  why bore me with something that do not mean nothing at all what she done in the past and who she is now. wow she wore tracksuit she probably would of warn many of things?..! ,not-offensive
8035,0,                following all  maga patriots please follow back thumbs up   lionsden lion face   maga2kag 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8036,0, please add me. thank you    maga ,not-offensive
8037,1, sorry but bloodsuckers are bad almost as bad as elves like you are dating an undead monster who can not be controlled and even if they can be controlled you will die before her and make her have mental issues ,offensive
8038,0, sorrynotsorry   if you breastfeed your child who ends up having a milk allergy and so you just switch to formula are you really putting your 100  into parenting?! no you are being lazy! change your diet go lactose and soy free so your baby can have the best of the best. ,not-offensive
8039,0,  a bunch of liberals.  they can not deliver ,not-offensive
8040,0, now that is what i call “gun control” ,not-offensive
8041,0, about time!!!!! ,not-offensive
8042,0, she is hot!! ,not-offensive
8043,0, are  leos okay with their home addresses being passed out to any antifa who attend a few dsa meets? ,not-offensive
8044,0,     as is uk democracy   supposedly. ,not-offensive
8045,1, that sucks thumbs down ,offensive
8046,0,"  common sense gun control"""" would indicate looney leftists should not be in possession of firearms.  for their own safety."""" ",not-offensive
8047,1,  but to go all antifa on ppl like friggen milo? i do not buy that conservatives who like medicare don blackout and then going millennials for antifa protests. ,offensive
8048,0, maga kag winning ,not-offensive
8049,0,  this is priceless   they will get to relive this in 2020. go trump ,not-offensive
8050,0, ...not too old to stand up and yell when she is out of order....guess she gets what is coming to her like everyone else. ,not-offensive
8051,0,  they always get mad when they are losing money. 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8052,1, you are not a proper country girl if a bit of mud puts you off! ,offensive
8053,0, thank you for the updates....you are doing an excellent job ,not-offensive
8054,0, fuck weary face i did not realize it until i got on and finally played it again ,not-offensive
8055,1,"   liberals today r very different from classical liberals. liberals today have gone so far left they r marxists. you are burying your head in the sand if you think neo and classical libs are the same. trump is so authoritarian"""" people can say what they want about him and not be killed."""" ",offensive
8056,0,"      why are you buying into the global"""" crap? that is a very """"liberal"""" position and exactly what is killing canada right now. please lose this if you truly want your party to succeed. do not use the clicheandcatch phrases that the liberals use it makes you look like liberal wannabes."""" ",not-offensive
8057,1,  why are they there??? it seemed like they are brainwashed ,offensive
8058,0,  i have some work to do with my oldest  20  daughter. stood in line with her and voted in 2016. she is still very very bitter and it will be tough to get her back this year ,not-offensive
8059,1,  just block the idiot. he is not even worth this post. ,offensive
8060,1, let me borrow yo shit first rolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
8061,1,   what has awaken so many women in this country is the asinine over the top stupidity of liberals today!! ,offensive
8062,0, and the issue is much greater than gun control ,not-offensive
8063,0, hope she is ok. ,not-offensive
8064,1,actually antifa makes you want to kick them right in the teeth ,offensive
8065,1, let us not kid ourselves...you are a prostitute...for the  ,offensive
8066,1, dishonored zone where you have to balance on dangerously high edges in a shitty ghetto overrun with rats and bloodflies ,offensive
8067,0,   the whole milk thing is a lie anyway. not needed. does weird things to humans. save your money for your labour membership. x ,not-offensive
8068,0,  need help packing? ,not-offensive
8069,1,  wonder if he apologized to diamond and silk for calling them a “minstrel show?”  he should have been fired but there he is making faces. ,offensive
8070,0, well now he is cut! ,not-offensive
8071,0,"1   l iberals and conservatives are on average no more or less narcissistic compared to each other. but the two political orientations are associated with different facets of  narcissism."""" ",not-offensive
8072,1,     no.   i mean parasite in the sense of private companies being an unnecessary  and universally unwanted bauble imposed on an essential public service by people who put profits before public opinion and democracy. ,offensive
8073,1,"   i did not see the referred to tv segment, and i do not support the response, but it is very easy to see how you, as a race baiter, can bring out the emotions you are trying to elicit. it is unfortunate that  your willing to sacrifice black people to make you such a big man""""."""" ",offensive
8074,0,"  aurora is growing and learning stuff quickly! she is really good at drawing and counting! such a intelligent baby   """"  he laughts playfully at kiss being breaked. pecks his nose."""" ",not-offensive
8075,0,  sorry but antifascists and left leaning people need guns for defense unlike what some liberal pundits are propagating with their gun abolition rhetoric. i used to support gun control but i do not trust leaving the state to have even more power over the majority worker class. also ,not-offensive
8076,1, manafort has been on k street for a long time. he knows things. deep dark things. i agree. he is going to burn some folk. mueller already knows who he wants. manafort is going to give them up. ,offensive
8077,0, be still.  and know you are being prayed for . ,not-offensive
8078,0, she is so frickin adorable ,not-offensive
8079,0,  no conflict here—do not look at this.   soros involved in violent left agenda of antifa also. ,not-offensive
8080,1, all that shit was hers ,offensive
8081,0, what? he did not get to where he is by saving money through eating mcdonalds. how much he makes is the only thing that is relevant. ,not-offensive
8082,0, there are no principled conservatives. ,not-offensive
8083,0,  corruption  except for my household  and socialism  except for my household  gun control  except when i need to be protected ... shall i go on?  person facepalming‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
8084,1, there are more good people than criminals.  if the good people are armed the criminals will not stand a chance.  in the usa the cities with the highest violent crime rates are those with the strictest gun control.  the swiss are all armed and trained   violent crime is rare. ,offensive
8085,0,   he is talking about you big of. ,not-offensive
8086,0, icymi this desperate attempt by conservatives to install  kavanaugh while rest of the nation says  kavanope. ,not-offensive
8087,0, he is got a lot of nerve   fast and furious. ,not-offensive
8088,0, holy crap. i did not realize it was this bad. thanks for posting this... ,not-offensive
8089,1,  i just saw a video that you are corrupting our government and from the evidence i just saw you are going to jail!!!!  maga  thegreatawakening  qanon  youaregoingtojail  youhavebeenexposed  ,offensive
8090,0, eric  your no jeff sessions!! ,not-offensive
8091,0, the beauty of this.  just like the dems inventing the nuclear option the next time a liberal is up for consideration for scotus we conservatives will know what to do. ,not-offensive
8092,0, i guess i just need to double down on my donations to protect the constitution and bill of rights!  fast company  ‘gun control groups’ donations hurt because everyone agrees with them’   the truth about guns ,not-offensive
8093,1, the  tweets show how demented liberals have become.  they have zero credibility ,offensive
8094,0, excuse you. she is the best. she just wants to hang. ,not-offensive
8095,0," shortcummings"""" this person is definitely a maga person."""" ",not-offensive
8096,0, to be honest if you are doing international adoption you are pretty much buying a child person shruggingdark skin tone‍female sign️. people do spend a lot adopting children because our system allows people to baby broker for profit. in america if you are going through an agency you are in part buying a child ,not-offensive
8097,1,"   you guys. you seriously do not mean everyone right? there are good people here that do not like to bother with shit like that. personally for me i want this shit to stop but our government apparently is to fucking stupid with gun control. arm teachers with guns"""" yes makes sense."""" ",offensive
8098,0, i love her! she is the sweetest! two hearts ,not-offensive
8099,1, what is your point. you are so clearly ignorant about the nature of sexual assault ,offensive
8100,0,  if he is innocent he should be vindicated and there should be penalties for false accusations also. ,not-offensive
8101,0, i think he is up to super bad stuff. ,not-offensive
8102,1,  lmao....you suck nfl ,offensive
8103,1,i hate the democrats but they do fight like h3ll everyday.  r's are making so much from lobbyist they do not give a damn what we want.  I am ready for  maga party   but we have to get trump elected 2020 and keep democrats out till 2020 ,offensive
8104,0, please help her out. she is distressed. ,not-offensive
8105,1,   following because she is not only a tacozt bit a sociopath and a moron all lethal combos ,offensive
8106,0,  agreed. iowa state was able to get to him a few times just after he released it. i tend to think he is more durable than most though. ,not-offensive
8107,0, do you think he should be impeached ?  maga ,not-offensive
8108,0, wow she is a piece of  workfireobviously she is been involved in rape are sexal misconduct and it  did not go her wayfolded handsawful thing to ruin anybody's life that is innocenthundred points  maga   confirmkavanaugh   justicenow   voteredtosaveamerica   godblessamerica   annalovestrump  trumpsarmy 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8109,0,   awesome! ,not-offensive
8110,0, 21k dong ,not-offensive
8111,1,        yes his brain was effected. he is one of the sharpest attorneys in america. but maybe it effected your brain is tge what you meant? ,offensive
8112,0,  i completely agree  which is why a potential victim's claim must be afforded due process before she  or he  is villianized. ,not-offensive
8113,1,  i shitted shat ytd and lost 0.6kg can you believe it ,offensive
8114,0,  oh she is doing that all by herself ,not-offensive
8115,0, 8th demension. ,not-offensive
8116,0, and nero goodell fiddles while the  burns.  glad i took up golf.   boycottthenfl  boycottnike  justdont ,not-offensive
8117,0,   we all know death threat are a resist antifa tactic. ,not-offensive
8118,0,   no i do not know. but i know he is one heck of a patriot who preached the unity of the people of  ethiopia when it was costly to do so. ,not-offensive
8119,0,  the brandon lewis express ,not-offensive
8120,0,"         attention!!  is publishing a target list for antifa on his twitter account under lists"""". the list has high profile names and names of everyday trump supporters. please check this list for your name.  has not suspended his account."""" ",not-offensive
8121,0,  how come cranleys minions do not talk about gun control after all the lives lost in the inner city of cincinnati but one looney shoots up 5 3 and now the city council wants to talk gun control? ,not-offensive
8122,0, what the fuck do you gain from posting on your private instead of your public ,not-offensive
8123,0,  i warn you against asking for that this rosh hashana. look how gun control worked out for us in germany. ,not-offensive
8124,0, the nra supported gun control when reagan was governor of california when black people began buying guns. ,not-offensive
8125,0, both need to drink a cup of red ginseng tea and go to a neutral menopausal corner. ,not-offensive
8126,0,  doesn.t the state of israel do exactly the same but you are a friend of theirs... how come they are different and you see them as a friend. ,not-offensive
8127,0, he needs to lose some weight ,not-offensive
8128,1, i love my penis and want to keep it. would rather smoke a joint. ,offensive
8129,0,    point is they are trying to make a statement. and  some  trump chumps are guilty of much worse than anything antifa has done in the goal of trying to make a statement ,not-offensive
8130,0,  actually you are wrong.  all of the numbers are substantially better under trump and it is directly the effect of his tax cuts and deregulations. ,not-offensive
8131,0, colin refused the offer he was offered and the  is grossly overpaid ,not-offensive
8132,0,   you forgot he is also your president ,not-offensive
8133,1, grateful trump does not have a dog in the white house. he is a cruel man. ,offensive
8134,0,"a harvard harris poll conducted this year found that 48 percent of black americans said they would like to see between only one and 250,000 legal immigrants brought to the you.s. a year.""""  maga  tcot"""" ",not-offensive
8135,1,"  why? plenty of people have taken a stance in favor of common sense gun control"""" and it does not mean jack shit since they do not have a plan for common sense gun control.  would it really help to have the asb and asa also spouting empty buzzwords?"""" ",offensive
8136,0, dam lorna you are so so sexy! mmmmmm gorgeous n edible!!! ,not-offensive
8137,0,    i raise you with the lion if the senate.  he actually killed someone yet liberals continued to send him to back to congress for 47 years.  blather on ,not-offensive
8138,0, a lot of democrats and liberals are even criticizing him for giving him the hug he asked for!! ,not-offensive
8139,1, and this from the clown that should be in prison? ,offensive
8140,0,    numerous jewish groups have come out and denounced the misuse of as as a tool to smear and bludgeon corbyn. you are welcome to google this. not all jews agree with you. ,not-offensive
8141,0, good riddance. ,not-offensive
8142,1,    connections are vital with all of the crap twitter forces on conservatives. ,offensive
8143,0,"  it is not a crisis"""" . the conservatives think everything is a crisis  the asylum seekers,  the economy, tmx  now nafta. just relax guys the adults are in the room."""" ",not-offensive
8144,0, those options are weak the situation was lot more complex. to answer your question tho she is a star and if her head is big she earned it and no the umpires should not boycott. people always want to make and example out of serena like this has never happened before ,not-offensive
8145,1,  if trump wins 2020 and growth continues will the crazy liberals still be thanking obama 6 years from now.  of coarse the will because when the argument is lost all that is left is too dispute the facts. ,offensive
8146,0,  takes a break from fluffing the  ,not-offensive
8147,0, finally a administration that cares about its legal citizens ,not-offensive
8148,0,  kirk douglas you are not. ,not-offensive
8149,0, important story on business’ growth limitations due to historically low unemployment rates in wi  ,not-offensive
8150,0, what is maga stand for? my attorney got arrested? face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
8151,1, niggaz buying pussy bitches trying to buy love... ,offensive
8152,1,  attention lefties demanding gun control. most of these shooters are left wing. you do not get to shoot congressman and create violent chos and then demand we normal people disarm. ,offensive
8153,0, this is like fuckin cool  .. .. hold your horses .... freckles... ohhhjhhh god ,not-offensive
8154,0,  because he will have ate it ,not-offensive
8155,0, chris you are just stiring the pot and it is a political dig. how about texas how were things handled there. pr was a totally different situation.  how did you help? ,not-offensive
8156,0,  he is what he is by now. ,not-offensive
8157,1, what shitty wipers you have ,offensive
8158,1,          i do not think so..it would mean he is in trouble.  do not wish that on anyone.  is not that where the cumm inn is at? ,offensive
8159,0,   pearl bhaiya you are amazing ,not-offensive
8160,1,   i will never forget what levels you racist liberals went to and what you did to clarence thomas. liberals are  the worst people ever. ,offensive
8161,0, go pack go!   maunaloa  american footballangry face  crunchtoadifferentbeat  nfl  ncaa ,not-offensive
8162,0, she is textbook colonizer ,not-offensive
8163,1,  has the same lack of morals as her mother! abortion is murder! ,offensive
8164,1, yeah! you can not just wing cooking!   there is all kinds of measurements you need to follow otherwise it will end up tasting like garbage. ,offensive
8165,0, he will be replaced. . . . . . . . by another muslim. ,not-offensive
8166,0, gabole negatif thinking dong ,not-offensive
8167,1,  my dumbass was really thinking how in the hell is she been pregnant for the last 6 yearsloudly crying faceloudly crying face ,offensive
8168,1, are facts a “dangerous line?” a hate trump liberal activist makes a 37 year old claim that is completely out of character for judge kavanaugh and we should not question it? this is a total scam and I am fed up with liberals turning our sc confirmations into the jerry springer show. ,offensive
8169,1,  I am waiting for the liberals to squeal that those sandwiches could feed poor families ,offensive
8170,1,   well that is going to send the fake makers of main stream media and the left liberals and the powers behind them nuclear. amazingly powerful world changing moment in humanitys history.  qanon it is everything we have been told to expect!  wwg1wga  maga  mbga ,offensive
8171,0,     he is a point guard whose assist to turnover was 1 1. ,not-offensive
8172,0, she is awesome. thanks ,not-offensive
8173,1, this terrorist fanboy  and his saddo  cronies are wholly unfit to hold any public office. a proper   brexit supporting tory pm would have wiped them out politically by now. ,offensive
8174,1,. won this round. yucker always interrupts his guests and it did not work this time. he is so rude.  michaelavenatti ,offensive
8175,0,  i will always be cruising to bray wyatt for you no matter what he is a good man like you and your brother ,not-offensive
8176,0, tina thank you red heart I am hundred points all in for  president trumpred heart  maga  hundred points🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8177,1,should not pussy grabbing  be the one wearing the gloves while handling food?  maga ,offensive
8178,0,"    and no one is attacking trump supporters at large""""  ever heard of antifa?  i thought you were leaving long ago anyway?  why are you still wasting my time?"""" ",not-offensive
8179,1,   glad her career is ruined by the way. she deserves to be ruined after what she done. just because she was a celebrity does not mean she should be excused. does not mean she is above the law. ,offensive
8180,0, president donald j trump brings good will to all! maga! spygate! nobel! ,not-offensive
8181,0, the criminals need gun control ,not-offensive
8182,0, she is hiding! republicans do not have an antifa! ,not-offensive
8183,0, I am only there for the meltdown ,not-offensive
8184,1,  espn is a joke. she is an entitled bully who can not handle losing. ,offensive
8185,0,  i miss pope benedict xvi so much. ,not-offensive
8186,1, he is so stupid ,offensive
8187,1, she is a great comedian. where as you are a great....nothing. ,offensive
8188,0, i am a big time conservative and staunch believer in our constitution. i am also a supporter of you. what myself and many conservatives are starting to feel is that republicans in the senate do not have the stomach to fight for us and against the left. too soft. ,not-offensive
8189,1, bitch i fucking felt that shitsneezing faceskull ,offensive
8190,0, bullshit. ,not-offensive
8191,1, you are not welcome ,offensive
8192,1,"   maga ... oh ... and fvkk you!  judge kavanaugh's no more ambitious"""" than some old muttafuttah like you who is been in gd senate for the past millenium."""" ",offensive
8193,1, i hate hi am i am so fucking sorry ,offensive
8194,0,  any she is stunning ,not-offensive
8195,1, nickferrari seems to be intentionally misleading his viewers?!  suggesting paedophiles among whites are the same percentage as  muslims and that we are only angry at one? no mr ferrari .. i think not!   lbc  lbcradio  maga  mcga  mega  mbga  conservatives  patriots ,offensive
8196,0,   white cops are called racists by mobs and liberals daily ,not-offensive
8197,0,                following all  maga patriots please follow back thumbs up   lionsden lion face   maga2kag 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8198,0,  issss nigga fall asleep on soft after this ,not-offensive
8199,0,  yes she is!!! ,not-offensive
8200,0,"      rofl, that is real data.  any argument you make now, i can flip it and say oh an anti trump flunkie""""  quit being retarded.  fyi, gun control does not work.  england banned firearms and their violent crime stats skyrocketed.  criminals benefit the most from gun control"""" ",not-offensive
8201,1,  technically speaking he is hamstrung by drug and alcohol addiction ,offensive
8202,1, comey has pissed on the us constitution..he is a rat and needs to go away or face consequences ,offensive
8203,0,  ok can i have my two cents here!!! this is not the end of yalls friendship !!! maybe you should actually say  sorry first because you are the mangrinning facegrinning facegrinning face I am not taking either side !!!! i depend on you all and other people do too!!! I am just a peep here!!! let us all  be happy!!! ,not-offensive
8204,1, illegal immigrants   human beings trump supporters   maga gullibles ms 13 killers   fear mongering human beings in the womb   not your baby not your business antifa   same as rw nut jobs  law abiding nra members   could be terrorists bill clinton   your crush kavanugh   predator ,offensive
8205,0,it is true!   maga  nocollusion ,not-offensive
8206,0,   you are clearly not a pokemon master! i have almost 400 in rare candy alone. over 150 legacy moveset pokemon. it just all depends on what you like to keep as collection pieces and what you value in the game. ,not-offensive
8207,0, eric who? never heard of him. must work for cnn ,not-offensive
8208,1, wow this is priceless! a college educated professor self inflicts himself with a bullet wow he is “brilliant”! ,offensive
8209,0,  he is complicit in the abuse of young men. why would he care about a woman. he make me sick. ,not-offensive
8210,0,             yes we do. I have been campaigning for this for years ,not-offensive
8211,0,  you are the most wonderful of fremino ,not-offensive
8212,1,  you are sick in the head. this man lost his daughter. ,offensive
8213,0,i followed    i was   4k double exclamation mark️congratsdouble exclamation mark️  nra  trumpman  maga ,not-offensive
8214,0,   patriachy has harmed black men if anything. antifa is just a social justice trash hotspot. ,not-offensive
8215,0, because...color is all it is about? really? think about it. that is as goofy as saying blondes only think like blondes or that 6 ft 4 people only think like 6 ft 4 people. should black americans stand for her manipulations? no more than if trump said let us talk w whites only. never! ,not-offensive
8216,1, tuesdaythought.   the only hate speech that i hear these last 2 years is from liberals  stop the hate! ,offensive
8217,0, tried to comment  on his journalistic smear he made  justiceclarencethomas but for some reason he has blocked 68yr old christian gmother who tweets occasionally when she sees the injustice of liberals and their  msm to take every chance to attack an opposite opinion. ,not-offensive
8218,0, weather ,not-offensive
8219,0," well if you are so sure this will work... i can hold on to the notebook if it still is available. plus i can help try and keep the junko part of your mind away. apparently being a part of the blood tribe makes you naturally good with technology."""""""" ",not-offensive
8220,0,"  just imagine the divorce case if she had not murdered him.  your honor, i would like to introduce into evidence the book wherein she details how she is planning to kill me ..."""""""" ",not-offensive
8221,0, thank you secretary pompeo for all your hard work! you sir are a true patriot! god bless america!  maga ,not-offensive
8222,0,      her links to planned parenthood which is the reason why liberals do not want a conservative judge. ,not-offensive
8223,0,   brains and beauty. love her show. now she is on prime time oct 15th. i get to watch the whole show. yay! ,not-offensive
8224,0,  we need gun controlsmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes liberals should not have access to guns. they are not mentally stable. this must stopsmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes ,not-offensive
8225,1, so sister fucker...name one single thing obama said that was inappropriate? ,offensive
8226,0, funny how he believes antifa is a thing but calls himself reality checks. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
8227,1, very simple....more gun control ads equals more guns sold. the gun illiterates are not smart enough to figure this out ,offensive
8228,0, yes he is face with tears of joyface with tears of joy shhh ,not-offensive
8229,0, such a tragedy. he is missed by many. ,not-offensive
8230,1,  a clear majority of conservatives approve of trump and the gop. do not be stupid. ,offensive
8231,0, dems trying to clean up their sloppy  kavanaugh  allegations      confirmjudgekavanaughnow  maga ,not-offensive
8232,1," city of 1 499 900 people who do not fuck"""" does not have quite the same ring to it"""" ",offensive
8233,1, wake up black americans!   maga  kavanaugh  votered  trump  trump2020  walkaway  kag  trumptrain  1a  sundaythoughts  hurricaneflorence  hurricaneflorence2018  bolsonaroeleito1ºlugar  bolsonaropresidente bb  blackout  bluewave  blm  blackexcellence ,offensive
8234,0,   i do not like this. you guys are not gettting what she is trying to pass across. she said she went to the see you in enugu and left in 2014. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
8235,0, it is ok.smiling face with smiling eyestwo hearts I am glad you are ok.beating heart it is good you had a nice safe and dreams.🧡 ,not-offensive
8236,1, tfw she is a lesbian ,offensive
8237,0, because if she got the shot she is clearly the mvp I have needed of course and there is no use fighting her. ,not-offensive
8238,0, flake i lost 17 guys lost let the guy do his job and think of the people instead of your non existent career ,not-offensive
8239,0," attention!!  is publishing a list for antifa of names of trump supporters. some are high profile  many are everyday trump supporters. he has been reported to twitter, but they have still not suspended his account. check out his account...lists""""."""" ",not-offensive
8240,0,   the astronauts used it!  it means a ok!  bho is photographed making the sign. it means all is okay!  it was a joke to see if the libs would bite!  boy did they!  now get the video back up!  and apologize!  the liberals are insane. liberalism is a mental disorder! ,not-offensive
8241,0,  do not like anything you r saying re   maga you r part of the problem and not part of the solution!!!!! ,not-offensive
8242,0, tyranny  totalitarianism  leftism just when you think  theleft can not sink any lower    liberals fear their major cultural victories of the past half century are democratically... ,not-offensive
8243,0," side note  I am always amazed when conservatives say y'know america's x culture institution etc  is not perfect, but it is better than *the entire rest of the world*"""" like, really tucker? you have examined every other justice system in the world and determined ours to be the best?"""" ",not-offensive
8244,1, obama will preach about gun control in the you.s. but then arm the drug cartels in mexico and advocate for open borders. a piece of shit is worth more than obama. ,offensive
8245,0, and hillary is president!  lol! ,not-offensive
8246,1, she is not acc drunk she is just v tired and took sleeping pills so she is being silly ,offensive
8247,0, we are actually thinking of making this event a gathering for local antifa members and the  resistance. make your voices heard against  drumpf. water wavewater wavewater wavewhite flag️‍rainbow ,not-offensive
8248,0, condemn  antifa now ,not-offensive
8249,0,                                                  hmm? that is not biblical. you may want to ask god if you are doing it right. I am pretty sure you are supposed to get in that church with all the “people” you do not care to be around. it is your persecution. face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
8250,0,                                         listen people queen is right. this is not a game this is war backhand index pointing upbackhand index pointing upbackhand index pointing upbackhand index pointing upbackhand index pointing upcollisioncollisionpouting facepouting facepouting facepouting face ,not-offensive
8251,0,    there trying that now and it is not working. he is still getting everything done. ,not-offensive
8252,0,  or was it that the local government was taken for themselves!!!!  imagine that a government more worried about their own pockets rather than their peoples. ,not-offensive
8253,0,    what law will you pass that will get people who ignore all other laws to obey?  a murderer ignores a ton of laws but somehow he will obey gun control laws? ,not-offensive
8254,1,        omg....he is sex on legs ,offensive
8255,0, today history is just repeating itself. liberals have got away with these disgusting tricks for too long! they need to be stopped as this is deeply damaging our country. democrats should be more concerned about our country than power and money.  i know that will never happen  ,not-offensive
8256,1,   sucks for you ,offensive
8257,0,. is no champion for women. ,not-offensive
8258,0, releasethecures  declassifyfisa 🇺🇸  itstime  lockthemallup  wwg1wga 🇺🇸  greatawakening   winning  qanon  maga guess who!  bitchute ,not-offensive
8259,0,10  kevin williamson's excellent  piece on why even if there is a bias against conservatives at social media giants it still should not be the governments business ,not-offensive
8260,1, she is also ugly as hell and not something anybody wants to look at. laughing out loud    ,offensive
8261,0, gun control does not work ,not-offensive
8262,0,  its what the liberals do. make stuff up and throw it at the wall and see if anything sticks. too bad they did not care about the accusations with credible evidence against slick willie clinton ,not-offensive
8263,1, you are one of the mastermind of a big syndicate at boc.  we will not forget. you will go to jail!pouting face   fakedrugwar ,offensive
8264,0,   but the judges decision was totally biased as he is a personal friend and university prof of tory’s. ,not-offensive
8265,0,     just as i thought we were getting along. ,not-offensive
8266,0,  1standlast i believe  just asked vontae davis if he is going to play another game this season.   via  ,not-offensive
8267,1,"  we need a marijuana lobby that can bribe the gop like big pharma does. otherwise, you are screwed. just because it is good for america, that means nothing... see gun control"""""""" ",offensive
8268,0, animal mother!  you are the man! ,not-offensive
8269,1, nah my foodie ass will gladly say it. that works on absolutely no one's fucking palate. ,offensive
8270,0,   so you are the same people who vote for less gun control when we have what i dunno 23 school shootings just this year and 2 fatal shark bite incidents since 1936.  you sure really care about humans. ,not-offensive
8271,0,                   livedexperiencedisevidence of course. not sure you are implying i am dismissing such? and that of my own? ,not-offensive
8272,0, 10 cities with a total of 30 people attending ,not-offensive
8273,0, where can we see where you stand on the issues? border wall? gun control? abortion?  if you will support president trump and his agenda? ,not-offensive
8274,1, bono sucks ,offensive
8275,0, or a mongoose that goes after a king cobra despite knowing one bite can off him. I am a big animal analogy guy ,not-offensive
8276,0, happy birthday sweetie!!! hope your day is as awesome as you are!!! ,not-offensive
8277,1,"    he is mocking self professed populists who claim to speak for the people"""" when those who stand up for """"norms"""" and """"rights"""" are labelled latte drinking elitists"""" ",offensive
8278,0, a lot of people in america have serious concerns about the amount of lying you and your ilk are doing ,not-offensive
8279,0,             the deeper in they get the less likely to scrap or even stop... we need it scrapped now before more wasted on it and before more contracts signed. ,not-offensive
8280,0,  he is rushing to catch up to drumpf ,not-offensive
8281,1,   no one needs hunting in canada spread the word.there is no place in a civilized society for rifles and shotguns.the coalition for gun control has 200 associations behind us to support and the liberals. in the name of the safety of our kids mr blair ban those guns. ,offensive
8282,1, cher is helping republican party by her unhinged rants... ,offensive
8283,0,    the issue is her volatile temper she once threatened a lineswoman. clearly the  10.5k penalty imposed was not harsh enough because she is a repeat offender. if you get caught speeding jaywalking and are fined odds are you think twice before doing it again ,not-offensive
8284,0, should i share the quotes from notable you.s conservatives? ,not-offensive
8285,1, i think we should be going after sen feinstein if she really cared she would not have sat on this issue and made it political.  she is using you like all democratic power seekers be careful who you sell your soul too ,offensive
8286,0, laughing out loud antifa been doing it to republicans for a year you did not care when it was betsy devos ,not-offensive
8287,0, my nurse friend always looking out for me blue heart yeah it is a bit of a wet cough     the doctor i dealt with earlier would not tell me anything and basically threw a prescription for antibiotics at me... which i assume means that he is thinking i possibly have a chest infection? eyes ,not-offensive
8288,0,  do you got a magnify glass? ,not-offensive
8289,0,  oh no i know why that i just do not know what she is talking about because i do not see a tweet she is repling too laughing out loud ,not-offensive
8290,0,  let us fix this for you. he is not accused. people heard him. so how about “eric trump made anit semetic remarks” ,not-offensive
8291,0, oh well. you are a better man. ,not-offensive
8292,0," she is basically saying in code  even though i am a nevertrump spoiled little rich girl from andover, i secretly want to date mark c.   i hope his wife and family are okay with it ..."""" se stands for """"sad endeavors"""" ",not-offensive
8293,0, if you can not give me stitches when i get cut then you are not a doctor. i do not give 2 shits how long you went to school. the end! ,not-offensive
8294,0,   wow!!! he is malloy  voterednovember2018 ,not-offensive
8295,0, westminster   houseoflords  tories      brexit 🇬🇧   labourparty  labour  what a bunch of  hypocrites angry face a total  showerofshite angry faceangry faceangry face ,not-offensive
8296,1, look at this chill as fuck bearded dragon ,offensive
8297,0, fiona hill. ,not-offensive
8298,0," 1  this man seriously needs mental health treatment and should have his firearms confiscated until he is no longer a danger to himself or others.   2  I am waiting for gun control advocates to add this to their list of school shootings.""""   3  who buys .22 caliber handguns? why? ",not-offensive
8299,0, he is so generous with his offers. ,not-offensive
8300,0,  you forgot to not run for office or disagree with diane feinstein or liberals or have wrong think. ,not-offensive
8301,1, medically treat  the addict and the mentally ill gun shooter for the medical because 1st then no need for a wall or further gun control ,offensive
8302,0,                                                 just a punk ass pos pog.  thank you kgo!! red heart thumbs up ,not-offensive
8303,1, i do not like her but hope if she is next to tyler at final 2 she wins. just me being petty. ,offensive
8304,0,  I will defend him. i think the ca professor is a lying liberals pile of horse dung. there. ,not-offensive
8305,0, guncontrol gun control chalenge if you truly believe in gun control i chalenge you to learn and understand what gun control is take a conceal carry course then spend enough time  on a certified gun range to familerize yourself with firearms and learn what gun control  truly is.. ,not-offensive
8306,1, fools no respect ,offensive
8307,1, i can not believe you replaced the american flag with the antifa flag!! ,offensive
8308,0,  now you now why they can not have kavanaugh confirmed! many are getting arrested  maga! ,not-offensive
8309,0,  maga durbin must have participated in the tesla podcast to think huessein’s administration was scandal free. durbin thinks gun control works in chicago also.  2a  rahmemanuel  chicagopd  ,not-offensive
8310,0,  did not even watch. all liberals on there high horses. ,not-offensive
8311,0,     these are policy issues where actual data applies. obviously you are not familiar with the massive health care crises that existed before it was legal. look into the uncontroversial  7 2  roe decision and the scotus statements regarding what made it so. ,not-offensive
8312,0, remember tina. you can always sleep when you are dead! ,not-offensive
8313,0,fu  emmys hosts for insinuating my vote was wrong or illogical. i voted for trump because I am tired of the typical political nonsense  theswamp. just because you do not agree with my vote does not mean that it does not count.  political  colinjost  michaelche  maga ,not-offensive
8314,0,    i trust him a lot more than the armchair quarterbacks on twitter.  he makes mistakes because he is human.  but he is one of the five best managers in the game today. ,not-offensive
8315,1, blaming trump for the hurricane is showing his ignorance and hate..if only he were to give his salary to their recovery maybe then he can help ,offensive
8316,0, not if you are polling mexicans!!!  tacobellanotherkindoffood  ”harris”saysitall  iamone ,not-offensive
8317,0, politicians are finally getting it through their heads that the nra does not represent a majority of gun owners. most responsible gun owners support gun control. you are pushing policies that most american gun owners find reprehensible. ,not-offensive
8318,0,  she is diabetic zipper mouth face ,not-offensive
8319,1,   dummydonniejr person facepalminglight skin tone‍female sign️lying faceclown faceperson shrugginglight skin tone‍female sign️  this is from 2008 idiot rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joysmiling face with open mouth   cold sweat.  the apple does not fall to far from the tree when it comes to lying lying face.   the american people have had  enoughisenough of  liarinchief and you are actually an embarrassment as well like your daddy mushroommushroom ,offensive
8320,0, china is communist  all chinese restaurants have to close now because I am not comfortable ,not-offensive
8321,0,   she was so freaking happy when she got her 'no' from kavanaugh. i seriously hope she has him for perjury or at least can force recusal.  either way she is an immensely elegant speaker cut from the same cloth as obama who i badly want to run in 2020. ,not-offensive
8322,0, considering puerto  rico did not have electricity on 70  of the island before the hurricane....I am wondering who left her brain on the tarmac in the sun for a year?  probably trump or baron i assume. ,not-offensive
8323,0,  we love you babysmiling face with heart eyes   maga ,not-offensive
8324,0,*screams* she is so cute when she does this!!!! ,not-offensive
8325,1,  i love  !!  stop your racist censorship now!! ,offensive
8326,1, fuk this fat cock sucker ,offensive
8327,1,  liberals are the worst sexists.  not all women speak truth especially political activists.  try judging the veracity of the allegation by evidence instead of gender. ,offensive
8328,0,     i really hope you are a good man best of luck ,not-offensive
8329,0, they are antifa democrats disguised as gop looking to infiltrate the party. do not worry though it does not take long to figure them out. ,not-offensive
8330,1," so she is using the feminist card as a excuse for her behaviour in not getting what she wanted when the other competitor that she played was a a woman"""" who just was simply better than her today. every woman in that room who applauded to that nonsense i feel sad for you."""" ",offensive
8331,0,...then I will take more seriously conservatives asking cultural questions about whether acts as a 17 yr old should be disqualifying for a scotus seat. ,not-offensive
8332,1, no way.... way too much talent on the goonies. I would like to see you all vs them tho real shit my gz. ,offensive
8333,0, she is real rocky firefirefire oh my god !! ,not-offensive
8334,0, whenever you conservatives whine kavanaugh is being appointed fast enough all i think of is garland never getting a hearing for a year so just shhh hypocrites ,not-offensive
8335,1, for the hol tl to seeloudly crying face. that is tht big dick energy hundred points ,offensive
8336,1, police?  banter training?  oh my god! fools and tools.   maga  mega  mbga  mcga  conservatives  patriots ,offensive
8337,0,  tell micheal to    wethepeople  thegreatawakening  maga   wwg1wga  qanon  q  walkaway  walkawayfromdemocrats2018  midterms  confirmkavanaugh  fisa  economy ,not-offensive
8338,0, this is not me disagreeing this is me basically saying that i hope you are right but if you are i will spontaneously combust ,not-offensive
8339,0, I am that nigger no lie ,not-offensive
8340,0,  at a community meeting he did not answer the question about gun control. just skirted around it! ,not-offensive
8341,1,   innocent people do not resign. we know liberals love sexual predators. that is why you are ok with keith ellison assulting several women with police reports to support it. ,offensive
8342,1, ridiculous comment the only way liberals make government work is when conservatives go along with their ideas. tbqh less government is always better than more unless your a socialist. most time government passes a new law i lose money n liberty . ,offensive
8343,0,    this is why i do not like liberals they do not have a civil conversation or come with evidence just feelings and out of context quotes. ,not-offensive
8344,0, you are such a generous gal! bringing steam and spending your time to give to others. thank you for everything you do help this planet! red heart️rocket ,not-offensive
8345,1, hope the tiny anti american fraction of the usa can support those nfl contracts. ,offensive
8346,0,   completely agree. i grew up around guns and there are plenty of responsible gun owners who fully support strict gun control laws. I am absolutely one of them. ,not-offensive
8347,1,  he is a meme repeater ,offensive
8348,0,  ha! I have met you both and neither of you are dull! me on the other hand.....relieved face ,not-offensive
8349,1, odd how conservatives keep getting exposed of being child fuckers.   that is why they are against abortion. more victims ,offensive
8350,0, are you lot trying to rival west ham for infighting amongst the fanbase?this is priceless though. still not quite up there with west ham however. nothing will beat the antifa entryist conspiracy theory ,not-offensive
8351,0, even teens that commit  proven  crimes have their records expunged when they turn 18. someone please tell me why this is a thing?  all i see is one old california hag outing another old california hag against her expressed will. wonder how much she is being paid?  thinking face ,not-offensive
8352,1,"   still shoveling shit"""" for trump?....what kind of woman supports a liar, racist,  pussy grabber?....that is what kind of woman you are."""" ",offensive
8353,0, was not lois c.k's issue asking inappropriate questions ?   so he is being put into the same category as racists   people who assault others sexually ... seems a bit over the top if that is the case. i remember when we used to use the law to decide a persons guilt   punishment. ,not-offensive
8354,0, so liberals can stand. ,not-offensive
8355,1, and he took away the constitution from us.  congress refuses to restore it to us why is that?  article 4 sec 4 was taken away..  and because of that there are no gun control laws anymore. obama is a stupid man ,offensive
8356,1, what is this? we do not want your  2 tacos we want fucking gun control. are you seriously trying to capitalize off this tragedy? ,offensive
8357,1,  she is so stupid it scares us average americans that she makes decisions on our behalf ,offensive
8358,0, and sadly anna decent fair minded one nation conservatives like you seem to be an endangered species in your party. how can tory grass roots support a man with boris johnson’s record on morality and standards? or a caricature like mogg? ,not-offensive
8359,0," pulling out all the stops with no holds barred is the battle tactic strategy of the usual secular progressive, democrat, or msm archetype.  before our country...constitution is lost conservatives and republicans must say, no more mr. m's. nice person!"""""""" ",not-offensive
8360,0,   she is new psychology thinker who think about religion and so aggressive on her thought before deeply think on hinduism grinning facegrinning facegrinning facegrinning face ,not-offensive
8361,0," agree! she is the rock star for the ages. proof? I am old and love pink. her so what"""" video is hilarious and brimming with strong woman attitude. and, she can actually sing as opposed to most of the wannabes out there now. the best!"""" ",not-offensive
8362,1, this is not possible. california has implemented strict gun control. only law enforcement and those fortunate enough to get a permit can carry in public. “assault weapons” are banned. ,offensive
8363,0,  do not you know?  trump runs everything himself. he is hands on. except when he is not then he has never met that guy but has heard he is very bad. ,not-offensive
8364,1,   he. is. a. sociopath.  they are incapable of feeling empathy. period. ,offensive
8365,0,45 said florence is big and wet. i fear she is about to get grabbed by the president. ,not-offensive
8366,0, get a life! ,not-offensive
8367,0,eyes patriots and anons eyes  collisionold soros is shopping again!collision   maga  confirmkavanaugh  deepstate                ,not-offensive
8368,1,  literally.  you are literally a crazy person. ,offensive
8369,0,"  he is involved because he was there! now he needs to man up and be at this hearing. since when is it a choice to answer questions if you are a witness? if course his black out drunk"""" phase might come into this."""" ",not-offensive
8370,1,  are you bipolar? you keep saying different shit to people commenting on what you said ,offensive
8371,0, the interview is a very important part of the hiring process. and selling yourself may not come naturally. make sure you are fully prepared   tn ,not-offensive
8372,0, any mention of using the 25th amendment on obama would have had the left screaming racism. ,not-offensive
8373,1, his legacy is crap. why would anyone want to save crap? ,offensive
8374,1,     this hand signal is used by ignorant people as a signal of white supremacy and by evil people who get a lot of satisfaction in the idea of pissing off liberals.  we should ignore both because displays of ignorance and hatefulness do not deserve our time and attention. ,offensive
8375,0, as a recent visitor to ireland. i suggest he does not go. he is not liked there any more than he is liked in america. ,not-offensive
8376,0,    or in other words. ignore a democratic vote as it did not go the way i wanted. ,not-offensive
8377,1,  definitely not as strange as her. that is for sure. she is a professor at a alt left university. all those folks are kooky.  trump  maga ,offensive
8378,1,2 hours at midnight and she said she is not a call girl?   awkward! ,offensive
8379,1,"   you are absolutely correct! but your question would be better directed at the liberals in congress, the ones that make conflict big business"""" it is all about money and power!"""" ",offensive
8380,0, liberals should be jumping for joy! ,not-offensive
8381,0, he is only or 2 games? i thought it was 4 fire some reason ,not-offensive
8382,1,   for the love of all things sacred he cannot be voted in. he is well down towrds the bottom of that scummy swamp. the scales of justice need to let him drown in his own shit. make 2018 the year of holding each other accountable for our responsibilities. peace symbol️red heart️🇨🇦old womanlight skin tone ,offensive
8383,0, eric  fast n furious  holder ,not-offensive
8384,0, that may be but as far as the gun thing goes it shows the total distopia that can result from gun control. only criminals and corrupt cops have guns in mexico and the average citizen is at t their complete mercy ,not-offensive
8385,0, hope you are having a beautiful and blessed sunday smiling face with smiling eyesfolded handsmedium light skin tonepurple heart ,not-offensive
8386,0, guncontrol  robbery  murder  selfdense  defend  secondammendment why you do not want gun control three armed home invaders try to ambush homeowner | active self protection via  ,not-offensive
8387,1,   she is confused after all she is only a poor struggling socialist ,offensive
8388,0, holder is guilty of multiple offenses... ,not-offensive
8389,1, what the actual fuck. i hate that I have seen that with my eyes ,offensive
8390,1,how does this  maga...?!? is this our tax dollars at work...?!? ,offensive
8391,1, even if that was the reason the last thing mac would want would be for everyone to be harassing the shit out of her when she is already grieving. cmon dude. ,offensive
8392,0,    apparently bald men hate women and think they should not speak...and we are all crazy conservatives. none of which are true about me except the bald part...but i like when people argue with anger...it is entertaining. ,not-offensive
8393,0, i had not really thought of it since i only really worship the aesir. though lots of people like to use the vanir in arguments as examples of this or that. modern liberals saying it is race mixing for instance. theologically we do not recognize much different between tribes though. ,not-offensive
8394,0, she is soooo pretty!!!!!! ,not-offensive
8395,1,     sir i know the difference pretending to be someone else is lying who you are the age where you from etc etc etc. but that is not the point the point is a lot of people are doing both and they been doing it since forever to kill their victims. and it sucks!!! ,offensive
8396,0,                  thank you! red heart️ ,not-offensive
8397,0, thank you president trump!! you are  maga!!! ,not-offensive
8398,0, if this woman was telling the truth and was told about it years ago then the accuser lied in her letter when she said she did not tell anyone.  this second woman kills her credibility and shows that liberals are willing to lie to stop k ,not-offensive
8399,1,"      nobody wants to take your guns, we just want gun control of what guns we will allow you to have""""."""" ",offensive
8400,1, shit does not feel real to me. then again... life is very whack and i do not like how it is set up to begin with so. idk. ,offensive
8401,0,   its a shame that you are not on tv ,not-offensive
8402,1, so we load into illios insta lock torb i ammediate flame in all chat moira  do not win a fight all game constant shit talking between a team mate and one of their team still have a torb i am fighting a doomfist help ,offensive
8403,1, another  dem lie ,offensive
8404,0,  good ,not-offensive
8405,1, he is so takendted what the heck ,offensive
8406,0,  glorita you are the most! sparkles🇻🇪 ,not-offensive
8407,0,. have a majority!   . used our money to buy it.  why they obsessed with  what  would do regarding brexit? they are not in power and they are not negotiating.   . should reply to  with  call a ge and you will get your answer. ,not-offensive
8408,0, he needed his brains on the sidewalk ,not-offensive
8409,0,"     wrong. nye has degree in mechanical engineering. he is indeed a real scientist"""", as well as an entertainer. he studied mechanical engineering at cornell university and graduated with a bachelor of science in 1977. he worked for boeing. I would believe him as opposed to you."""" ",not-offensive
8410,0," she is not decent anywhere and most people who respect"""" her have no idea what she stands for."""" ",not-offensive
8411,1,  just please do not let cruz get away with the he is a tax and spend liberal racist dog whistle crap fire back with facts and call him out on bs ,offensive
8412,0, because he is a republican. ,not-offensive
8413,0,  i do not live in the us so maybe that is one reason why i do not know who she is skull ,not-offensive
8414,0, he is like a cheap plastic version of a real president. ,not-offensive
8415,0, you should seriously consider that maybe you are the one who is always wrong and these people are correct... because you are wrong in your supposition here for most of them smirking face ,not-offensive
8416,0, funny how you say anyone who disagrees with you are wrong. so i guess everyone on the left is wrong since I am always right even facts do sometimes go against what I am saying? ,not-offensive
8417,0," hawd me back. hawd me back """". face with tears of joy"""" ",not-offensive
8418,0, just announced on espn he is ,not-offensive
8419,1, another fraud senator from the left!!! ,offensive
8420,0,                                 super ,not-offensive
8421,1,  as if politically correct speech and gun control laws are not attacks on the constitution! your hypocrisy is showing. ,offensive
8422,0, do you happen to know what study qu’ran she is using in the film? ,not-offensive
8423,0, maximebernier's new party stakes out classical  liberalvalues   donpittis | cbc news ,not-offensive
8424,0, i. am. read. e! ,not-offensive
8425,0, just like gun control...obozo is a conservatives greatest asset to win elections...when he talks we win!   redwave ,not-offensive
8426,1, she should ask a few native americans what their take on this is. ,offensive
8427,0, because the cia and fbi was good at the time to cover up the greatest corruption ever made by hussein obama administration. it is all coming out all involved with the deep state. ,not-offensive
8428,1,    interesting when demoncraps are not even inventive enough to create their own cartoons.  this is originally put out by republicans   liberals are the koolaide drinkers and always have been. liberals are also the scum of the earth and prove it daily through their lies ,offensive
8429,0, ain uor kkkkk ,not-offensive
8430,1, but the orange preferred to send the hospital boat away and now she is standing empty. it could have saved many people. fuck ,offensive
8431,0, kamala harris speaks to those she disagrees with in a condescending fashion that i find gutter like! i want to snatch her bald headed routinely! she is so full of herself and is very unbecoming! angry facepouting face🤬face with steam from nose ,not-offensive
8432,1,   yeah  probably views groups like antifa and eff as moderates. people who are against farm murders are labeled just as extreme as people singing songs about actually killing those farmers. crazy times we live in.  ,offensive
8433,0," i read this as if you are a straight white male forget about being partnered."""""""" ",not-offensive
8434,1, fucking s league football hahahah ,offensive
8435,0,   so what if she is! ,not-offensive
8436,1," holder is an evil, hateful, dangerous man.  he is a real"""" racist.  he absolutely hates white people.  he and obama contributed to the race riots during of's admin."""" ",offensive
8437,0," guncontrol itself specifically targets minorities,  the entire reason gun control"""" exists is pure, unadulterated racism   bigots like you wanted to keep the recently freed slaves disarmed and subordinate.  thankfully we have grown from there. ",not-offensive
8438,1,stop sign ntknetwork news stop sign backhand index pointing right 'senate set to pass bipartisan bill to combat opioids'  maga￼🇺🇸 2a  prolife ,offensive
8439,0, you are amazing ,not-offensive
8440,0,   that is because she is a good christian and her husbands attackers are misguided. ,not-offensive
8441,1, it is a testament to how fucked this world is...that she is free to spout all this bullshit and not be in jail or even being investigated for statutory rape. ,offensive
8442,0, go figure ,not-offensive
8443,1, disgusting! ,offensive
8444,0, so she is famous daughter.  who cares about what she is doing really?  not me ,not-offensive
8445,0, loomer rachel rollins a dem running for da in boston. she plans to decriminalize what she calls petty crimes  e.g. breaking and entering  she is running in a crowded field and is being hailed by the media as the best candidate. thanks for doing what “conservatives” refuse to do! ,not-offensive
8446,0, there she is... ,not-offensive
8447,0, ohh.. the liberals are fighting popcorn ,not-offensive
8448,1, poor godless liberals ,offensive
8449,0,  cats are the antifa of the animal world ,not-offensive
8450,0," was not it just recently that john brown gun club got kicked out of a shooting range for being antifa""""?"""" ",not-offensive
8451,0, face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy you are the wife ,not-offensive
8452,0,  should be returning punts in my opinion. he is money bag ,not-offensive
8453,0, james hums in approval and pulls back. allowing her to help him out of his shirt. letting it fall to the floor as his hand is brushing along her skin.   “you are beautiful baby.. such an angel.” ,not-offensive
8454,0,  ‘fake news’ is term used rather than the word deception!   maga  walkaway  redtsunami ,not-offensive
8455,0, no cadwell but yes former antifa. ,not-offensive
8456,1,  not one for anything to do with russian collusion which by the way is not a crime most before they knew dt. the ones who copped out only did so 2 save their ass. I am just curious why none of you self righteous ppl had a problem with  all hrc and bo crimes lies spying etc? hypocritical I would say. ,offensive
8457,1,  because you advocate for   gun control  mass immigration   cultural marxism   you are a tool for jewish globalists ,offensive
8458,1,.⁦ is pledging more than  1 million to support nonprofits and youth activists working to end gun violence. they are also partnering with michael bloomberg to help create a coalition of business leaders who support gun control measures.  ,offensive
8459,0,  soo sweet!! eliza you are amazing you opened her up she is too cute and eliza your a beautiful soultwo hearts ,not-offensive
8460,0,"india cuts iranian oil imports ahead of november deadline""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
8461,0,     or   and here is a thought   there is no vast web of conspiracy. those who are in fact experts on the global economy just all happen to agree that brexit will be a disaster. just a thought. ,not-offensive
8462,0, i sure hope they have removed him from where he is and are hiding and protecting him. he is chum in the water right now. ,not-offensive
8463,0,  hmmm. was nfl on tv today? did not even search. watched tennis and baseball. not one of them kneeled! will not be watching next week either. ,not-offensive
8464,0, bs has no clue what comming out her mouth.wrong ,not-offensive
8465,0,   i looked over your record since getting a law degree and see absolutely nothing meritorious or significant. you are one of the least accomplished individuals i have reviewed. what do you think you have done worth noting? anything?     ,not-offensive
8466,0, she did not speak paris omg i can not breathe ,not-offensive
8467,0,     amazing what a good leader can do  ......wising up ontario .....does a lot for your image.....instead of being .... losing liberals ,not-offensive
8468,0,   why can not liberals read??????  read it again ,not-offensive
8469,1,  another sheep led to the slaughter the left are eating there own! ,offensive
8470,1, she is human garbage that is what is wrong ,offensive
8471,0, antifa and uc berkeley like this thumbs up ,not-offensive
8472,1, guess the robber did not know about all of nyc's gun control laws ,offensive
8473,0,a private life is a happy life smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
8474,0, liberals can not math good. face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
8475,0, pugchat just wanted to let you know i may not be able to see my pugchat buddies tonight. grandma is working late plus she is going by the bakery to order the cake for my mom’s birthday this weekend. slightly smiling face ,not-offensive
8476,0," everyone in washington gets one vote like everybody else. 63 million americans disagree with john kerry. his comments reflect the disrespect he and his cronies have for americans. to them we deplorables"""" are not qualified to elect a president!"""" ",not-offensive
8477,1,       fuck yes now i have someone to pressure me to get into every pit that opens up ,offensive
8478,0,  cruz needs to add  antifa to this proposed act. that way we literally kill  2birdsofafeather with one stone. ,not-offensive
8479,0,   I am not sure about your point with gun control and the nra but i agree with you about selling liquor and still wanting people to drink responsibly.  i would not be able to do it but i understand people in that industry do which makes good business sense for them. ,not-offensive
8480,0, ... jim carrey’s la mansion. plus a  13 million penthouse in new york. ,not-offensive
8481,1,  corey booker try to finger blast my ass as a teenager.  maga  walkaway ,offensive
8482,0,  absolutely!  we all know the dems want all the votes coming to them  that is why they are all pushing for it to happen.  dems liberals are plainly unamerican. all they care about is their paycheck and their position. 1st we need term minutes  no more than 2 terms like potus has. ,not-offensive
8483,0, about time! ,not-offensive
8484,1, serial rape did not seem to be a problem for liberals with bill clinton and hillary who enabled him?  go figure   can you say hypocrisy? ,offensive
8485,0,               need to fund a lot things at public schools.... music and art class too.  but conservatives always want to pay less taxes and every time they get the chance the cut funding for such things. ,not-offensive
8486,1, why do all crazy liberals have crazy eyes? laughing out loud ,offensive
8487,0,             thank you for your support ,not-offensive
8488,0,  2 thoughts   1  bad aim 2  waiting for libs to scream     “gun control” ,not-offensive
8489,1,        whereas you are almost a year late in trying to demonstrate you give a toss about women’s rights + needs under the law. you are a disgrace + an embarrassment to  keele + the legal profession alex. prioritising the rights of sexual predators over their victims damages us   ,offensive
8490,1," conservatives everywhere in my small red town, kids need to be spanked and put  god first. they need to know consequences!"""". also them, """" brettkavanuagh should not be held responsible for something he did at 17!!  hypocrites  how do sleep at night?"""" ",offensive
8491,0, or bite it off. transition complete ,not-offensive
8492,1,  ..... or you could legislate some common sense gun control and tone down your racist rhetoric. ,offensive
8493,0, i am truly sorry that you are having a rough day. i hope it gets better for you. i am doing fantastic. ,not-offensive
8494,0, i just know my family lives out west. hard core conservatives. they love bernier. all their friends love him. that is going to split the party. alberta is huge pc block. not my politics but you can not choose family. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
8495,0, gee double standard over here the left call them heroes. ,not-offensive
8496,0,mark judge does not want to lie for kavanaugh.  maga  ,not-offensive
8497,0,  antifa calling out nazis is the pot calling kettle black. ,not-offensive
8498,1,"black female democrats call for changes in party""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",offensive
8499,1, bird ass ,offensive
8500,0,               i follow all these maga patriots 🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8501,1, innocent until proven guilty!         i think time has run out on this! and personnel i think she is lying! and someone is paying her to lie! jmo ,offensive
8502,1, how would they know if gun control worked if they refuse to try anything? ,offensive
8503,1, damn catholics. ,offensive
8504,0, i guess people will not be voting conservatives in the next provincial election face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
8505,0, she is the only  semi?  important girl chara so ig that is who normie fans relate to? like also its teacher student which is an obvious straight ship ,not-offensive
8506,1,  american terrorists. we need strict punishment for these lawless thugs. stop powdering antifa’s ass.   backtheblue blue heartblack heart  gettough ,offensive
8507,0,  made me smile. grinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
8508,1,   oh so now you are comparing a government law enforcement agency which is subject to constitutional laws to a private corporation. yeah that makes sense. wait... no it does not. stop talking. you are a complete imbecile. ,offensive
8509,1,"   whataboutism"""" is yet another made up word used by liberals to attempt to deflect criticism of their own ridiculous hypocrisy."""" ",offensive
8510,0, ptl maga ,not-offensive
8511,0, you are beautiful smiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
8512,1,     monkeys have been used for centuries to dehumanize black people but none of that has anything to do with the 5th largest economy in the world and a 9 billion surplus. everything else you are saying is nonsense. againtske your l and leave ,offensive
8513,1, when is enough enough? this is abhorrent and inexcusable. your fearless leader seems to have forgotten that he is a public servant. ,offensive
8514,0,  how about starting with gun control. ,not-offensive
8515,1, you hear something he is not saying  but they did drink supposedly at that school in the 80s which was  18 in 79. this tales is 1982 when limits moved to 21 but there is a girl 15 accusing a boy 17 of everything but sex. if you think it is rape prosecute it. do not imply boy lies ,offensive
8516,0,  awwh thank alooot bhabi you are so sweet love you smiling face with heart eyesface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss ,not-offensive
8517,0,"  i know the brown shirts"""" in the uk were not an arm of government then but antifa and the protection they receive from our police and as shown the german police seem to act like it."""" ",not-offensive
8518,0, another child killed by a gun . broken heartcrying facefolded hands  how can anyone not agree that stricter gun control laws are needed in fl?  notonemore  guncontrolnow ,not-offensive
8519,1,   fucking glory hunters ,offensive
8520,0,                                                 now do black lives matter and antifa. ,not-offensive
8521,1,  she says she wakes up from sleep thinkin she is going to get trump.   she needs a psychiatrist! as soon as possible ,offensive
8522,0, hillary was counting chickens before they were hatched remember? ,not-offensive
8523,1, just lose to every tom jeff and jerry because some dumb shit happens and i lose full ,offensive
8524,0,    great connection!!! ,not-offensive
8525,0,   the 2015 manifesto promised me my vote back. so where is it? you think brexit would have gone through if all the brits in the eu27 had been allowed to vote? the referendum was gerrymandered. ,not-offensive
8526,0, hi ilysm it has been such a great day ,not-offensive
8527,0, he is so cute ,not-offensive
8528,1, figures. he is a douche and would do this. ,offensive
8529,0,"     you realize he was referring to assault weapons"""". good to know.  you are begging to have less rights b c you are convinced that life in the usa is too scary with all these darn freedoms  mexico has stringent gun control go there and see the utopia your authoritarianism has wrought"""" ",not-offensive
8530,0,  got some antifa stories to share?  I am interested. ,not-offensive
8531,1, theresamay  monstermay  conservatives must answer for their crimes.  dwpcrimes  dwp  tories  toriesout ,offensive
8532,0, he is going to win! ,not-offensive
8533,1, that solved the problem in chicago alright!!  i wish these “leaders” would think up something different to get attention.   gun control is getting old. ,offensive
8534,1, god dang! did not she break campaign finance laws? why is not she in jail?? did not she promise to move out of the us??? why will not she just go away??!! ,offensive
8535,0,   many heavy metal rockers were conservatives who believed in freedom.  unfortunatemy some appeared to only be in it for the money.  but others truly believe it.  helped end the cold war. ,not-offensive
8536,0,   that means you are a max lvl. twitter user and maybe should try a new game ,not-offensive
8537,0, yea i been in a shitty mood too an the rain are not making it better ,not-offensive
8538,0,  tommy robinson speaks the truth and finds himself in jail? le penspeaks the truth and now she needs a psychiatric evaluation? america wake up! vote democrat and this is your future and your kids future! democrats liberals support muslim extremists ! ,not-offensive
8539,0, you are my favorite bot ily ,not-offensive
8540,0,  it matters less than swaying the political slant of the scotus by both parties. that is a fact. this is only important to lib’s and conservatives as to the court makeup. ,not-offensive
8541,1, he is beyond moron. ,offensive
8542,0,  maybe  will tweet a bible verse. after all...he is a ferengi. ,not-offensive
8543,0, traditionalists and fuddy duddy conservatives form a convenient horseshoe with feminists when it comes to a lot of women's issues.  their reasons are grounded in chivalry and sex differences rather than equality but the result looks very similar. ,not-offensive
8544,0,  kyle long is fine. i bet he is just getting rest. please at brown over sims. ,not-offensive
8545,1, a huge fuck up on my part. ,offensive
8546,1, he does not want to give anything to potus! ,offensive
8547,0,     crushing a pc player with kb mouse with controller in a fps is unrealistic. unless he is playing games for the first time or using keyboard mouse for the first time ,not-offensive
8548,0,"  aha yes, i see that. the individual sense of needing to belong to a winning team"""" because of the constant conditioning of self devaluation. i see a strong sense of this on the q side but on the left hillary antifa side as well regardless if they think they are winning or not."""" ",not-offensive
8549,0, this is an outstanding thread and expert insight  esp about the reagan years which i studied in college. he is spot on and there was such a titanic shift begins in the 90s with rhe contract with america bs to the immigration issues in ca  prop 187  ,not-offensive
8550,0,    what is a book about president trump got to do with an antifa pamphlet? ,not-offensive
8551,0, maybe we need more gun control after all   liberals should not be allowed to possess them! ,not-offensive
8552,0, absolutely and nothing ever came of it. ,not-offensive
8553,1, 2018 charts she is. overall fuck no. cardi got ways to go to catch niki ,offensive
8554,0, and zero accomplishments ,not-offensive
8555,0,   like london with land banked luxury apartments but little or no social housing built. ,not-offensive
8556,0, better have a good lawyer  youhavebeenexposed  thegreatawakening  draintheswamp  youaregoingtojail  maga  qanon ,not-offensive
8557,0,"  businessmen need to stay in business, or they go out of business   democrats who do not  walkaway have a hard time with concepts like profit"""" and """"results"""", so no worries if you are still perplexed  china? all the more reason we need  trumptariffs   trumptrain  maga"""" ",not-offensive
8558,1, fuck them ,offensive
8559,1, call me a dog because dam... i got a bone for you nigga face blowing a kiss ,offensive
8560,1,       liberals have had 2 years to play this game.. an extra week does not matter. everyone was well aware who the likely nominees were. kavanaugh has been a top name for many years.. liberals have always had him as a target ,offensive
8561,1, already pacing you side by side sir! i think she woke up after the election thinking she could now retire only to be the second biggest loser. she is holding off for hope in the mid terms and will quit once that one vaporizes like a fart in a hurricane. ,offensive
8562,1,  i know exactly how it works. they steal money through regulations and taxes and the people can not do a thing about it because the government has the monopoly on violence. why do you think democrats desperately need gun control? they want even more power over the people. ,offensive
8563,0,"  there are more jobs available than people to fill them"""". said by you, never.  youfailed  trump2020  maga  makeamericangreatagain  opportunityknocks"""" ",not-offensive
8564,0,  neveragain we need gun control. it is enough! do something  ,not-offensive
8565,0, didyouknow  texas conservatives are working to boot  helenkeller from textbooks?  doyouknow why?  learn more about how to stop this at  txboe  txed  education   themoreyouknow  tuesdaythoughts  'keller... ,not-offensive
8566,0,   omggggggg she is everything and more! crownsparkling heart ,not-offensive
8567,0," all this is common sense as long as you are not throwing bottles and m80's at civilians like all the dumbasses at antifa protests.""""  the whole """"violence is sometimes necessary,"""" idea that antifa and blm and communists spread, is retarded you all...  you are kill civilians dummies..."""" ",not-offensive
8568,0, and who seems to be getting things done. ,not-offensive
8569,0, liberals at the trough of america getting free ears! ,not-offensive
8570,1, there is no way she is 26 wow drugs maybe who knows ,offensive
8571,1, he got his chance and blew it ,offensive
8572,0, who she thinks she is to talk to a referee like that and expect everyone to support her! or treat her specially? ,not-offensive
8573,0,  soutien total. stop  fascisme  antifa  antifascist ,not-offensive
8574,0,    she is a cop.... “gun control” would not have mattered. geez ,not-offensive
8575,0, she is quick!!! ,not-offensive
8576,1,                 keep banging on with your nationalist nonsense. once democrats win the midterms and raise taxes you will be able to get on the same page as everyone else. universal health care and gun control will save countless lives. trumpsters like you will learn eventually. ,offensive
8577,0, reports reaching you? but you tweeted earlier that you are at the kaduna stadium ,not-offensive
8578,1, damn he fell victim to a little thing called tos much like the ones on his own site ,offensive
8579,0, sure   but lots of folk are not actually liberals but do want a sensible tory labour party to vote for. they are not well served by our political system at the moment ,not-offensive
8580,0, maga much? ,not-offensive
8581,0,   trump proposes racial profiling as a tactic 'to start thinking about' ,not-offensive
8582,0,  hope he is able to stay in the league ,not-offensive
8583,0,  i will never buy a magazine again ,not-offensive
8584,0,antifa professor speaking   ,not-offensive
8585,0,  maybe it was democrat antifa ,not-offensive
8586,1,   check this ad out. super creepy  people are pointing out a disturbing problem with this republican election ad ,offensive
8587,0,    bohot bohot badhai bhuvan bhai for surpassing  10millionsubscribers milestone  you are one man army  first youtuber from india jisne apne dum par 10 million subscribers pass kiye  and hope this good news may help your father for his speedy recovery ,not-offensive
8588,0, she  is  beautiful looks  like  mona  lisa ,not-offensive
8589,1,   you are the embarrassment who should be kicked out of the  ,offensive
8590,0,    my wife is from the usa. all my inlaws are thrilled with trump and the conservatives winning the pc war. ,not-offensive
8591,0,  the sort of thing  antifa and the socialists of  would cheer. ,not-offensive
8592,1, again another b******* story no one is watching football because of this a****** ,offensive
8593,0, be carrful he is smol ,not-offensive
8594,0,  funny how liberals change their tune about women accusers based soley on their political persuasion!   is not there a term for that?   oh yeah!    hypocritical! ,not-offensive
8595,0,   says the guy who thinks that labor  australian equivalent of usa liberals  are socialists. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
8596,0,  no but it is relevant in showing that gun control laws do work. the number of deaths via mass shooting went down in the us between 1994 2004 during the assault weapons ban ,not-offensive
8597,0, brave enough to say it?! your late to the party fat boy. ppl been calling potus a nazi for a while now. smh ,not-offensive
8598,1, holder should be removed with a set of tongs and some disinfectant. ,offensive
8599,0, exactly laughing out loud but smelling good is a must for me. now if he get a new cologne then we talkin. ,not-offensive
8600,1,      so the first thing you do is put the black guy up and call out that we are using the race card. shows how racist you are. maybe put a latino or woman up next. ,offensive
8601,0, qanon  wwg1wga  maga wow!! worth watching! ,not-offensive
8602,0,  i love danielle because she is such a caring and genuine person! her smile and positive energy brings out the best in everyone. you can always count on her to bring some sunshine into any rainy day heavy heart exclamation️smiling face️ ,not-offensive
8603,0, also puerto rico is a island add in the middle of the atlantic and people have nowhere to go. if a big enough hurricane comes through there everyone could die. ,not-offensive
8604,1, he makes dope ass songs. he is a singer writer ,offensive
8605,1," what is my fucking problem? really?""""  —jason denys a couple of times. he does not want to behave like an idiot   not again   but he is worried about her.  """"where is dick or bruce? are not they with you in this?"""""""" ",offensive
8606,1,  liberals and democrats are psychopaths! yep! something wrong with all of them.🧐🇳🇬 ,offensive
8607,0,  mcraven engaged in a publicity stunt. he never spoke publicly against any  commanderinchief before he retired. a retiree issuing a challenge to the president is an empty and hollow gesture.   makeamericagreatagain  americafirst  maga  usa🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8608,0,"13 ? booom.   the mac telling the  to pay the public sector properly. have that there is no magic money tree"""".   but this is a disaster. it means the  nhs is in crisis and competing with other sectors. ",not-offensive
8609,1,  how many gun control measures did republicans shoot down in the house or senate during obama’s terms?   hint  it is in the triple digits.  bordering states with weak gun laws  wi and in  make it easy for gangs to get guns into illinois. ,offensive
8610,1, elon sometimes opens his mouth only to replace one foot with the other ,offensive
8611,0,                                                 hillary condemns kavanaugh. bill clinton accuser responds. via  ,not-offensive
8612,1,     she and him beign a joint acct. have called me and grok everything under the sun  the same person women racist redneck antifa  kkk members grannies  yes grannies  haha etc  it is pretty common when the fraud gets busted to start calling the one's who busted them hilarious names ,offensive
8613,0, there were no good people on the side of white supremacy. the good people on both sides that donald trump referenced were those who the media purposefully ignored who were there on both sides of the removal of historical monuments that had nothing to do with kkk or antifa ,not-offensive
8614,1,  it is funny you assume I am left or a supporter of antifa even though i dislike nazis. you are still a ball washer though.grinning face with smiling eyes ,offensive
8615,1, we are done. you have no knowledge base for any of this and you are drunk on lies. ,offensive
8616,0, the far right is making no noise now.  antifa is burning down schools and attacking people.  deal with reality ,not-offensive
8617,0," 3  ...and the so called liberals are anarchists.   protocols of the wise men of zion, behold a pale horse by william cooper"""" ",not-offensive
8618,0,and i got to wait till march for the dlc that comes out person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
8619,0, you are now a prince before the time that you will become the king. ,not-offensive
8620,1,stop sign truthfeed news stop sign backhand index pointing right 'just in  fbi deals yet another devastating blow to democrats on kavanaugh’s accuser'  maga￼🇺🇸 2a  prolife ,offensive
8621,0," face with tears of joyface with tears of joy yeah ok s you are next time"""" i just did not want to let people know who she is so that they do not go all over her and attack her but if  your s you are then okay"""" ",not-offensive
8622,0, god help us. ,not-offensive
8623,1," you are either a bot or... for some reason you are associated gavin mcinnes with the alt right""""?   time to find some better news sources, bro? the """"alt right"""" has not been relevant since cville. your journalists covering  antifa or just focusing on a few harmless conservatives?"""" ",offensive
8624,1, acting like an ass is not a good view. ,offensive
8625,0,give it a rest rice eater  maga ,not-offensive
8626,0, oyela please i won yesterday... you are yet to credit my account oh ,not-offensive
8627,1, hatred of the man makes people like this fool say things like this. not reality. ,offensive
8628,1,   she is an alt left crazy and was discredited by numerous women. all you dems have left is lies. her name is dr. liar. ,offensive
8629,1,   if so why do democrats continue to say he is a rapist? why do you democrats say republicans allow a rapist to be president?  he is not unscathed. ,offensive
8630,0," i was not aware i had a smell."""" cologne when he chose to, perhaps.  """"so i take it then that you are aware when i am near. and when i shadow."""" meaning 'follow,' but in an attempt to be less .. creepy."""" ",not-offensive
8631,1, she is uncultured ,offensive
8632,0, listen carefully to these  leftists!!!  this is exactly what they will do!   liberals and  leftists can not be trusted! ,not-offensive
8633,0, red heart you are beloved! red heart ,not-offensive
8634,1, how he is still batting ,offensive
8635,1, liberals ....cry and complain that all they do ,offensive
8636,0, i can not loudly crying faceloudly crying face he is already 26 ,not-offensive
8637,0, 1st of all who trust the fbi to do a polygraph?i do not! she can pass it if she is a habitual liar.they have no fear or caring about what or who they lie about. she is probably a closet antifa member.insane to wait 30 yrs.if true others could have been hurt because of her complancey.🤬 ,not-offensive
8638,1, america will be better off once you retire flakey jeff flake.  go away....... ,offensive
8639,0,   do not believe it more insincere talk from the callous conservatives. ,not-offensive
8640,0,        so you are saying antifa should have never oppressed the nazis... gotcha. ,not-offensive
8641,0,  no one believes schumer. dems do not and nod with a wink happy to obstruct with lies. swampers... same thing. and actual conservatives know it is an actual lie and pray for the liars to receive god’s wrath.   how sad that truth and justice are dead. ,not-offensive
8642,0, terrible man would not you say liberals. just terrible. ,not-offensive
8643,0, he is a vet!! he should know better!!! ,not-offensive
8644,0,  yes. and you would not accept that you are better. because that is just how nice you are. ,not-offensive
8645,0,   any of your announcements every come to fruition or is it basically stealing labour's ideas to get a few more votes ,not-offensive
8646,0, talk about falling up. he is good money for a year until belichick goes and gets one of his crafty white receivers out of the lab. ,not-offensive
8647,0, so glad your back folded hands hygs love you red heart getting ready to do a   prolife. presentation  maga   hundred points🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8648,0, 3d vs digital 》 war on reality 》 going white hot  we are now entering   the fight between  red blooded humans in 3d  boots on the ground reporters  vs avatar digital ai  cgi hollywood false reality reporting  polytechno fascists avatar digital non reality ,not-offensive
8649,0, you are important to me so i would like that you think more in your health and rest well because you always work hard for army. i purple you purple heart ,not-offensive
8650,0,     antifa came out of the old german communist party 1932. just history. that is why they wear masks. ,not-offensive
8651,0, and we are worried about russia election meddling? now i understand why google backed out of government deal when trump was elected. this is result of company getting too big. ,not-offensive
8652,0, 4  the first bullet point by the fool cillizza also is wrong. this was clearly politically manipulated just like thomas hill in 1991. it is shameful that pundits like cillizza excuse democrats for such cynical manipulation but hold conservatives to higher standards. ,not-offensive
8653,1, what do you care! you are going to prison prison regardless. ,offensive
8654,0, he is ,not-offensive
8655,1, liberals  the fbi can investigate if you ask.  also liberals    can you believe trump ordered an investigation of a private citizen??? he is a dictator! ,offensive
8656,1, the liberals are really displaying hate and their message of division. republicans really need to take advantage of this by welcoming the disgusted democrats that had enough with their party and want a solid policy and no more insults. ,offensive
8657,0, canada stands behind  and his governments negotiations with the pseudo dictator    weak conservatives as usual. no backbone. ,not-offensive
8658,0," here is an alternative way to look at it  """"conservatives less successful following simple instruction on an application form"""""""" ",not-offensive
8659,0,  whatever you may say. you are not coming in 2019 ,not-offensive
8660,0,  yes “if only antifa would leave the poor nazis alone” is a statement for the ages...grimacing face ,not-offensive
8661,0, vote for ted cruz!  maga  buildthatwall ,not-offensive
8662,1, they meet many many fans it is amazing that he remembered her do not be a bitch ,offensive
8663,1, I have seen people with some the most beautiful  not to mention original  art i last my eyes on. but only have 70 followers because they get buried by half assed bullshit. all because they are not pals with someone popular ,offensive
8664,0,        trash ,not-offensive
8665,1,   new gun control laws are a waste of time and energy which is better spent holding these worthless politicians accountable for their refusal to enforce current laws.  why create more laws they will never enforce? ,offensive
8666,0,  so sad loudly crying face  taketworeferenceswithmoniqueandchloe x ,not-offensive
8667,0, did she have all her personal info hacked from using google. ,not-offensive
8668,0,of course spooky dude is connected to kavanaugh hit job    maga   teaparty   trumptrain   ccot   pjnet   trump2018   kavanaugh   kavanaughconfirmationhearing   confirmkavanaugh ,not-offensive
8669,0,reminder that there is nothing fiscally conservative about maga. ,not-offensive
8670,0, you are changing the world ,not-offensive
8671,1,  w had empathy and regrets. he may have been a bad ineffective president but he is way more presidential than trump could ever hope to be ,offensive
8672,0,   me or the tory lady? because what i wrote was about all their failings. ,not-offensive
8673,1, beto or whomever move and support immigrantsilegals into your home ,offensive
8674,0, conspiracy theories abound.... ,not-offensive
8675,1,   chicago has been ran by democrats for decades.  why is it up to the gop to solve the problems they created to begin with?  act is absolutely code for gun control and that is not happening nor would it help anyway.  you need 1000 detectives.  start hiring. ,offensive
8676,0, bitchhhhhh I am jelllll ,not-offensive
8677,0, i wonder if  ground seen if kaiser is ok if i was him i would of went and got him idgaf all he is worried about is his body building ,not-offensive
8678,0, aight i thought gun control and unaffordable healthcare was the issue snm sleepy face ,not-offensive
8679,0, yes it is valid. i explained earlier she had not used her old one for over 2 years but on sep 3rd she requested a new one. this arrived within 3days. she has now got her pin via on line banking. but she is still going to the bank tomorrow to find out why the pin and telephone code ,not-offensive
8680,1,"   just another blm brat blocking a highway, antifa thug swinging a bike lock. here comes just another screamer from the gallery   except this childish scoundrel screamed he raped me!"""", sat down in the middle of the room, stuck her thumb in her mouth, and whined """"prove me wrong!"""""""" ",offensive
8681,0,                honored to be included with all these fine patriots ! thank you rena !  maga 🇺🇸grinning facetwo hearts🇺🇸 dean !   ,not-offensive
8682,0,   all i see are lemmings ,not-offensive
8683,1, end of mos2. sm out in space hears a voice in his head asking if he is kryptonian.turns around and it is mm. mm explains his situation and asks for refuge on earth. sm puts out his hand and introduces himself. has their shaking hand he says welcome to earth. cut to black. ,offensive
8684,0,  compare the coffers of greg “photo op guy” walden and jamie mccleod skinner and you will see that his treasure chest is in the millions from nra and telecom industry. anti fair and open internet.anti reasonable gun control measures. for exploiting public lands. ,not-offensive
8685,0,a modern day norman rockwell!  qanon  maga ,not-offensive
8686,1, “my head is a fuckin egg” ,offensive
8687,0, good!  kind of makes you wonder what these boneheads have really accomplished? getting people to not watch them and support their team?  missionaccomplishedwewontwatch   maga  istand  boycottnfl  trump2020 ,not-offensive
8688,0," i do remember.    but somehow centrist"""" antifa haters can never quite seem to bring themselves to condemn such things."""" ",not-offensive
8689,0,                 semper fi marines and follow all maga ,not-offensive
8690,0, are we really supposed to believe the party of violent liberal antifa with their kkk hoods who beat the hell out of strangers they know nothing about somehow care at all for this? are we supposed to trust the party who funds antifa to tell us the truth on any subject? ,not-offensive
8691,1,...it will be hard to believe any female accusers...ever again...especially liberals who lie for personal and political gain... ,offensive
8692,1, your pappy is a big fat fool the democrats does not have to make him look bad he makes himself look just what he is an ignorant 5th level  fool ,offensive
8693,0, you are very right. so here comes the question what is the use of the fame when your localities struggles for survival. ,not-offensive
8694,0, i just want to impress only one person in particular. i do not care about the rest of the world becoz he is the world to me. ,not-offensive
8695,0,  dude go away ....tin hatters like you make us conservatives look bad .....get a job ,not-offensive
8696,0," why the focus on the proud boys? i know you are not a real journalist, kelly, but why not focus on the ones doing all of the violence?  antifa  if you want a story  focus on why journalists""""  leftist activists  are constantly ignoring antifa's attacks on people."""" ",not-offensive
8697,0, easiest math class ever!! 0 character + 0 morals + 0 ethics divided by 0 truth = 0  hillary !!! ,not-offensive
8698,1, he is! collision ,offensive
8699,0, lmaooo. girl you are lyingggg. it did not take two weeks for them to take all this money for these tickets i purchased! but thanks girl laughing out loud ,not-offensive
8700,0,"   your equation of the democrats, blm, and antifa"""" is funny too. it is roughly like equating the american mathematical society, mathematics education advocates, and ultrafinitists  and believing that there exists a research group called """"the ultrafinitists."""" """" ",not-offensive
8701,0,    liberals crack me up. do not these people have jobs?  lol. ,not-offensive
8702,0, at least you are getting more people to like it on discord ,not-offensive
8703,1, you say “high value men” like that is a real thing that exists and not a made up lie you told yourself to distract from the fact your mother never loved you and your penis is microscopic ,offensive
8704,0, you are the second person in 2 minutes to tell me that. apparently I am sitting on a smelly cat sized fortune! ,not-offensive
8705,0, yes she is ,not-offensive
8706,0,  you are not in touch with really. ,not-offensive
8707,0,    read  that i just posted. he got too close to kavauagh and the body guard started into action to cover him. what was his intentions? he is a gun control nut grieving and blames trump and kavanaugh for his daughters death. his actions make my skin crawl too. ,not-offensive
8708,0, cockwaffle or normal waffle? ,not-offensive
8709,0,  there is a worse gang then ms 13 and thier based out of dc... what has he done about people assulting trump supporters? antifa surley has broken people civil rights...he gone trump can and will fire him ..mater if time. ,not-offensive
8710,0,     let us keep the same energy when talking about gun control after a mass shooting ,not-offensive
8711,0,  face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy is this a joke??? because its funny as fuck face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
8712,0, because she is ,not-offensive
8713,0, i do not understand why she should be heard.  i should be heard and i have pictures and scars from my trauma  illegalalien left his car in the middle of  405 fwy in 1982   when i was 18!  we were badly damaged!   kavanaugh  maga ,not-offensive
8714,0, are you guys going to play “she is beautiful” tonight? ,not-offensive
8715,1,  you are name calling a decorated disabled veteran.   shame on you. know your subject before making slanderous remarks. ,offensive
8716,1, they are hot bro ,offensive
8717,0,        it is the only way he can rationalize his world view is to believe anyone using logic against him is a russian bot. liberals do not like logic or having facts to counter their beliefs and  in tolerant opinions. ,not-offensive
8718,0, all those poor conservatives going to be asking for government handouts and relief. ,not-offensive
8719,0,  gun control crowd wants gun sales to have the 4473 filed but they succeed in getting gunbroker app shut down. as most gunbroker sales  I would guess over 90    are guns shipped from ffl to ffl. kind of like wanting gun safety and getting ranges shut down. all about control. ,not-offensive
8720,0,   trudeau and the  liberals have the ability to stop it but choose not to as it serves their agenda of turning canada into a third world cess pool. a socialist's dream.  cdnpoli ,not-offensive
8721,0,  you are so right! ,not-offensive
8722,0, excellent! her welfare check awaits. ,not-offensive
8723,1, i love only one  1  bitch  you  ,offensive
8724,0, what you are doing is so moving and i appreciate everyone! ,not-offensive
8725,0,15 signs that say you are an  entrepreneur. is this you?  smb ,not-offensive
8726,0,                                                  do you support antifa like gilbert does? ,not-offensive
8727,1,     i think  altright is going to burn their jeans next ...  ,offensive
8728,0,  thank you so much! we just spent 1 hour talking. he is broken hearted and i hate it so bad for him. ,not-offensive
8729,1,   antifa facist. do not let these mean anti americans use a fake title. they are facist. ,offensive
8730,1, zarries did not start this conversation! it was a larry shipper that trash talked our ship!! so how about you all petty ass larries stay out of our mention eh?!! ,offensive
8731,1,    have become the party of “the sky is falling” and “we are all going to die”.  what a sad bunch. ,offensive
8732,0, he and obama... can not stand them. ,not-offensive
8733,1, i always knew that is how biden and obama felt about conservatives. it is just shocking that they so easily admit it now. no wonder there is such hatred and violence on the left! ,offensive
8734,0,  best lead  and  most underrated ,not-offensive
8735,0,   you are 100  right  successful prosecution will send the right message.   that said the inability of a voter to take a photo evidence of the party voted reduces the likelihood of vote buying.  no party will waste money with this new approach because there is zero guarantee. ,not-offensive
8736,0, hollywood’s finest. ,not-offensive
8737,0,  I am assuming he will be able to pay 92k in fees out of a 255k salary next year?  i think that woul be a negative unless the koch bros pay it for him.  he is bought and sold by them. ,not-offensive
8738,1,   no she is not she is looking for a job by being controversal. she is very bitter ,offensive
8739,0," because you are my 현재  by gió ngày thu năm 1997 x golden beryl.  because you are my 현재, so I will cherish every moment with you. you are my past, present and my future."""" link   happyhyunjaeday   believe hyunjae day  너의존재가 기적이야 ",not-offensive
8740,0,  pay your back taxes yet ? still have armed private security even after you screamed about gun control ? your husband still talk to harvey everyday ? move out of your glass house ? ,not-offensive
8741,1," kavanaugh issues more detailed response, confirms the view that he deserves an opportunity to defend his reputation  this is a completely false allegation. i have never done anything like what the accuser describes—to her or to anyone...."""" ",offensive
8742,0, and here we have another demonstration that gun free zones do not work. brought to you by a liberal who more than likely supports stricter gun control. ,not-offensive
8743,1, oh well. its tje liberals and socialists who have made drug addiction fashionable and doable with “free” supplies. how about some     for diabetics who face ongoing supply costs? no?  but we forced to pay for these losers? ,offensive
8744,0,   come on.  nicco had excuses not to fight shev twice already and then 24 hrs from fight can not make weight.  she is not a champ.  heck she was a tv show champ at best ,not-offensive
8745,0,   I would trust mark dobson over you sorry lot running   i use that term loosley  our fine city. stop behaving like a petulant 6 year old and start doing what you are elected for. ,not-offensive
8746,1, he is a knucklehead.  he is not making good decisions. ,offensive
8747,0,         pm me ,not-offensive
8748,1, this is just more of the standard trudeau “liberals” emotional manipulation of canadians.   they think canadians are stupid. ,offensive
8749,0, i still get this half my work days and all i do is sit on my computer in bed laugh my ass off ,not-offensive
8750,0, gun control...breathe...sight picture....squeeze. this professor needs further instruction.    ,not-offensive
8751,1, that is because you are an old man. ,offensive
8752,1, hopefully it is joking.  i hate boycotting the leftist entertainers but i do.  stop saying stupid stuff. ,offensive
8753,0, expect  blue heartyellow heartyou aresparklessparkling heart ,not-offensive
8754,1,   eric holder is a filthy maggot. ,offensive
8755,1,      one really horrible incident i could show you hundreds of antifa but they did not kill anybody yet!!!! ,offensive
8756,0, she is unhinged and not to be taken seriously by anybody. ,not-offensive
8757,1,  gail has dropped far if she is going after actors like rob to deal with the frustration of being a has been... ,offensive
8758,0, give me 1m and in 5 years we will hang out if she is not married. ,not-offensive
8759,0, yes she is... ,not-offensive
8760,0,                  charts by david webster's briefings on benefit sanctions    nov 2013 to sept 2018  ,not-offensive
8761,1,  this is dumb! what is the point? ,offensive
8762,1,  she is as dumb as she looks ,offensive
8763,0,* christian kabasele reveals the secrets behind watford's perfect start to the premier league season   beans are banned at watford's training ground so christian kabasele spills the avocado and quinoa. he is is intelligent.. . ,not-offensive
8764,0, democrats leadership has been silent about violence on republicans for a reason. this explains why their response to antifa was encouraging them! ,not-offensive
8765,0, you are out of order today fam lmfao ,not-offensive
8766,0, he is speaking against himself. ,not-offensive
8767,1, yeah but xenoblade sucks ,offensive
8768,0,   the response from the us was exceptional. the implementation in puerto rico was abysmal because of the democrat mayor. she hoarded the supplies and only distributed them to her allies first and withheld it for the rest. she is still under fbi  investigation ,not-offensive
8769,1,good job asshole!!!...you just killed your dad's chance of a get out of jail free card!!!  maga       ,offensive
8770,1, same i just want to win so i can finally have a good pc and shit post in full body in vrc ,offensive
8771,0,  this is so creepy.   walkaway ,not-offensive
8772,0,  follow along..  conservatives paid fusion  fusion paid orbis  steele's company .  it is not that hard.. seriously ,not-offensive
8773,1,"3   conservatives think it because the neocon infiltration that successfully corrupted, and nearly destroyed, conservatism has been brainwashing them for decades to accept anything with the free trade"""" label as good   and anything with """"protectionist"""" attached to it as bad."""" ",offensive
8774,0, bono ..get out of town ,not-offensive
8775,1, that shit got me dead!! eager ass boi! ,offensive
8776,0, you are not a member. butt out ,not-offensive
8777,1, what i can not like he is legit watching my ever move in rehab!!! ,offensive
8778,0,  she is epitome of how low the left goes! sewers do not go that low!! people  walkaway!! ,not-offensive
8779,0,  oh they are real..this is what antifa looks like on twitter face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
8780,0, hey  maga how is all that newfound wealth treatin’ ya?  dt really has his finger on the pulse of america! ,not-offensive
8781,1,if i have to tolerate  your loud ass maga merch do not say shit about my nike anything kiss my ass ,offensive
8782,0, anybody notice this? ,not-offensive
8783,1,   he is such an arrogant creep... believes he is god’s gift to politics ,offensive
8784,1, yes mothers now this is what the deranged left will make you do to your little boys! are we really going to let this happen? pure evil!  votedemsout  maga  2020  confirmjudgekavanaugh  ,offensive
8785,0, real victims of sexual assault harassment see how liberals are politicizing this horrendous act of betrayal. it makes me so angry. i was a victim. but not to remember details? i call bs. ptsd still effects me to this day 42 years later and 20+ yrs of counselling. ask my husband. ,not-offensive
8786,0,           fluffy was found catred heart️blue heartpaw printsdouble exclamation mark️ ,not-offensive
8787,1, as libertarian all this shows me is how ugly and divisive the two party system is. liberals are actually a lot uglier. all straight men need to leave the democratic party. a party of men hatred. leave! ,offensive
8788,0,happy  constitutionday all my maga peeps! a great time to be alive. ,not-offensive
8789,1, and here is me fucking ya mom ,offensive
8790,0, he might want to visit new mexico where there are 5 radical muslim. ,not-offensive
8791,1, bro go watch how he hold his backwood in the interview like that shit was irritating laugh my ass off nigga is mad suspicious ,offensive
8792,0, he should have done that with obama ,not-offensive
8793,0,  try looking for plain old democrats.  the liberals are the ones which you can not have a conversation with. ,not-offensive
8794,1, feinstein and schumer are political assassins.  thank heavens that  has been able to give a few in the gop courage to not fold this far.  conservatives need to hit back hard on these political criminals. ,offensive
8795,0,  maga baby!! ,not-offensive
8796,0, there she is looking wretched ,not-offensive
8797,0,       this is not surprising. they are conservatives and they generally lack empathy for people who are not them. ,not-offensive
8798,0, that is right he is well said. ,not-offensive
8799,1,  abso fucking lutely. that shit was here already! ,offensive
8800,0,  never heard of this guy. ,not-offensive
8801,0,     looking forward to the right dragging up these tweets when the new york times hires me as antifa editor ,not-offensive
8802,0, hey did france’s gun control hurt its resistance to the nazis? ,not-offensive
8803,1,     a woman in my town honked at an asshole driver who cut her off. he followed her home and beat her with a crowbar. ,offensive
8804,1, kkk and gun control are traditions of    dems started the  kkk because they hated blacks  then they started gun control to stop the  from arming the klan's victims   2a  gunsense is gun ownership!  whateverittakes to inform liberals of the truth! ,offensive
8805,0," apparently, you do not. stare decisis""""  and case law  play a significant role in court rulings and decisions. this is the reason staunch 'conservatives' got upset about his stance   and were hoping for an amy barret nomination."""" ",not-offensive
8806,1,   i think it is a safe bet that donald is clueless on everything because he is ignorant and lies so much. ivanka knows everything and will flip on all of them to save her treasonous ass. ,offensive
8807,0,  they are violating the conservatives freedom of speech... it is censorship... important thought today it is being used against conservatives but who is to say what will be tomorrow? depends on who is holding the « power » sounds like how communism to me ,not-offensive
8808,1,"   socialism once its implemented has historically had only one effective stop measure and that has been civil war. knowing that the force reasoning behind gun control"""" becomes clear. you can have a clear picture of this process by reading saul alinsky's rules for radicals."""" ",offensive
8809,0,   was he trying to fool you? ,not-offensive
8810,1, at least he is not a coward like you.  what is your platform?  where is your donor list?     berniernation it is time conservatives did the right thing. ,offensive
8811,0, gee i wonder why? thank you trudeau butts telford for killing ontario's auto industry. using trump derangement syndrome fed by our deranged msm to try to win the next election. zero seats for liberals! defund the cbc! ,not-offensive
8812,0,  we need a rico investigation ,not-offensive
8813,0, eric should be in prison! ,not-offensive
8814,0, another tweet to prove even further that he is a pure narcissistic sociopath!! america deserves better and we need to demand better. ,not-offensive
8815,0,  you are a bright star for texas. ,not-offensive
8816,0, war in conservatives war on unborn babies war on education war on civility ,not-offensive
8817,0, tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives cchqpress  🏘️ pm natfednews  today i can announce that new longer term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground breaking £2 billion initiative ,not-offensive
8818,0,  she is 4 yrs old. ,not-offensive
8819,0,  that would be about how the dems work. still think dr f was told long before it was not ever going to this far because someone convinced her the conservatives would roll over immediately ,not-offensive
8820,0," they filled...but hey, trump wife in her divorce also accused him of abuse. about the whole hey, if she stays with him he is not an abuser"""", you have a pattern of ignoring reality, abused women do not always react as you seem to believe."""" ",not-offensive
8821,0, oops guess the liberals will call him a racist and a nazi along will all the other names on the book ,not-offensive
8822,0,  there is no reason. the bravest people politically in our society are black conservative. they are seeing the cities that have the worst quality of life for black americans have generationally been ran by liberals with promises but no improvements. ,not-offensive
8823,0,"  conservatives right we have bought a load of steam powered rolling stock for brexit britain, why not close a few more lines like they did with the beeching cuts?"""" ",not-offensive
8824,1,  haha true.  back to your original point... if we all just fucking drive everything would be fine! ,offensive
8825,0, lmaooo you are so wise ily ,not-offensive
8826,1, what the fuck have i missed here. my account was hacked and just got it back up and running. somebody care to explain what is going on here.  am i right in saying that the guy who has been playing live saying he is dash berlin aka jeff ??? so what is happened ??? ,offensive
8827,1, legit just lol'd... shit is funny asf ,offensive
8828,1, it is for pornhub... ,offensive
8829,0,   there is a culture in greek life but i think alot of that comes from presentation in film. once we are away from our parents  people are more free thinking some i agree with some not. you really think every frat is maga crazy ,not-offensive
8830,0,   prayers red heart️folded handslight skin tone you are missed. ,not-offensive
8831,1, do they drug test in tennis? she is on some serious hormones or testosterone ,offensive
8832,0,15 concert goers gunned down in jacksonville with 9mm ruger p89. the nra blames gun control laws. ,not-offensive
8833,0, teamspotlightsunday this spotlight goes to 2 women! meghan mcdermott and alanna mcdermott. meghan has decided to do something to make her vision come true. she is sticking to her plan and with many obstacles she still stayed the course. i am so proud of you meghan not giving up! ,not-offensive
8834,1, another war “hero” speaks out🇺🇸🇨🇺🇺🇸🇨🇺🇺🇸🇨🇺 ,offensive
8835,0, he was drunk. so she is equally if not more to blame ,not-offensive
8836,1,  that is ok antifa terrorists do not have intelligent conversations any way. keep your head in that safe space. ,offensive
8837,1, you are a hypocritical hack. ,offensive
8838,0,     thank you. if you think something is not strict enough regarding our current gun control laws then due tell. but i have a feeling you have no clue what our current gun laws are and you just hoped on to the ban trolly ,not-offensive
8839,0,  anyone who is friends with midwest antifa is worth following! ,not-offensive
8840,0," here are the people"""" who """"hold you up"""" and who you hold up.  1st photo they are beating a republican korean war vet. 2nd and 3rd photo antifa is beating minorities, lgbt and kids because they are conservative.  the left, your left is all about shutting down free speech! ",not-offensive
8841,0, . is arguing that gun control laws = a violation of people's rights.   even the conservative scalia specified that gun regulations are consistent with   2a and courts have repeatedly upheld most gun restrictions. ,not-offensive
8842,0,6d . they will not be able to make it after january! there will be millions homeless and starving! you will see a lot more begging on the streets. people living in the woods. this is so the rich    conservatives  christians  whitesupremacists  maga  magaveterans  magatalk ,not-offensive
8843,1,  i would name my dogs breed but i have no fucking clue what he is ,offensive
8844,0, he went broke and got propped up by white liberals in hollywood. that is white privilege all day long. stop defending coke head tom arnold. ,not-offensive
8845,0,   he is still in the bathroom. i really have to go. ,not-offensive
8846,0,   false. they have not released the names of the 13 russians yet ,not-offensive
8847,0, wow.  lying comes so easily to you liberals.  scary. ,not-offensive
8848,0,  wow you are to sweet ,not-offensive
8849,0,  maybe he is making amends before  openselection passes at conference. ,not-offensive
8850,0, is the main muckspreader for  and do not be surprised about the various twists and turns of the  fake  novichok stories ,not-offensive
8851,0, omg!  did you see that “almost” victim had a chance to shoot the “incompetent” criminal with a gun.  we need better gun control laws. ,not-offensive
8852,0, nine nine!!! i love that show so much! omg ,not-offensive
8853,0, neoliberalism has failed the  poor and  middleclass!  is the people's party of  canada  liberal?   bernier  ppc  politics  government  cdnpoli  pnpcbc  populist  racist  racism  bigot  hw  polcan  pnpcbc  cpc  lpc  ndp shared via the cbc news android app ,not-offensive
8854,0,  carlson showed us exactly who he is   a slimeball fox representative. fox watchers who love his views ate it up. normal intelligent people were disgusted by his tactics.  loved that avenatti laughed in his face. ,not-offensive
8855,0, heidi cruz started life as a brunette. now she is a blonde. god works in mysterious ways. ,not-offensive
8856,1, holy shit. you better not be drinking milk after eating that. or else... nauseated face ,offensive
8857,0,   is she a memeber of antifa?  kag2018 ,not-offensive
8858,0," he let us her ramble on for a bit, smiling and admitting to himself that this is why he likes having kate around. she is definitely a younger version of himself. pretty sure they done did the do."""""""" ",not-offensive
8859,0,  sounds good false or not she is willing to testify ,not-offensive
8860,0, burt reynolds was the first so called mega star. ,not-offensive
8861,0, freedom of speech is only if you agree with the left ,not-offensive
8862,0," he is."""""""" ",not-offensive
8863,0, facebook is a tool of the  left  liberal  democraticparty . they are censoring conservatives   maga  midterms2018  nra  2a  1ab   confirmjudgekavanaugh  confirmkavanaugh  constitutionday  usmc  navy   army  airforce  conservative ,not-offensive
8864,0,   he is correct ,not-offensive
8865,1,   think they are trying to be funny or it is a dog whistle to prohibitionists. either way it is a total fucking disgrace and belittles cannabis use. wankers. ,offensive
8866,0, pnpcbc  cdnpoli  bcpoli  ontpoli  alpoli more to join  conservatives ,not-offensive
8867,0,   nobody does racism like the  face with open mouth ,not-offensive
8868,0, baltimore has 5 shootings over wkend..criminals really follow those liberal gun control laws..smh. baltimore is a shithole  guncontrol ,not-offensive
8869,1, this is exactly who you sound like.  complete dog shit. been meaning to tell you this for a while.   long  cox ,offensive
8870,1,   no liberals just state they believe her because she is a woman and democrat.  they state they do not believe kavanaugh because he is a man and should “shut up”.  they probably believe oj. ,offensive
8871,1, as usual a seemingly and supposed smart feminist thinks she has made sense.. yen yen yen yen yen yen alone... you just told me rn you are also dealing with another person.. have you considered maybe you are the toxic one? ,offensive
8872,0,  obama wanted liberals and illegals to move into red states ,not-offensive
8873,0, be yourself they love you for who you are x ,not-offensive
8874,0,  lots of things you do not know. clown face ,not-offensive
8875,0, it is not bizarre. it is smart business. he is going to get paid by someone next year and is saving his body in the process. yes connor did well. but it is because the browns did not gameplan for him like they would bell ,not-offensive
8876,0,double exclamation mark️ we the people will defeat you double exclamation mark️   maga   msaga  makesouthafricagreatagain                ,not-offensive
8877,0,   i guess it means it is time to show  that the uk can be united. enough of divisions and circular arguments. ,not-offensive
8878,0,   that is exactly what liberals and dems think about people on the right. it is funny how we have been pitted against each other when really our interests are all very similar with just some nuances. I am a criminal defence attorney and i fight every day to protect our bill of rights. ,not-offensive
8879,1,"  i hope whoever gets seated   kick and cry all you want, someone will get seated   they are a liberals worst nightmare. everyone can look back and say we really fucked ourselves by not confirming.""""  do not act like you are protesting kavanaugh, you are still protesting trump's win."""" ",offensive
8880,1,   oh yeah terry porters 40 second pi call  osu alumn ... naw i am over it... your coach and his scumbag history... if you know anything about his history with aaron hernandez you would know what kind of scumbag he is... but osu is a shithole so the story goes on.. ,offensive
8881,0,"  if the conservatives"""" are not standing up against dumpster's unconstitutional and illegal activities, then they are just as complicit as he, and henceforth, supporting the tangerine toddler's policies and actions. ffs, be americans before party loyalists. or else we all lose."""" ",not-offensive
8882,0,                       nice group of  maga follow back thanks !!! ,not-offensive
8883,0, you are though ,not-offensive
8884,0, pirates of dark water!!! there is another one that i loved and wondered how the story would have turned out if it had been allowed to finish ,not-offensive
8885,1,  is so biased against conservativesdouble exclamation mark️everyone should drop google and use bing or duckduckgo. ,offensive
8886,1, bono can go away now the 90s are over you sick now ,offensive
8887,0, and the unexplained 42 murders associated with her mother are pro christian? ,not-offensive
8888,0, culture vs race in america race trumps culture. hence president obama and tiger are black because of how they appear. osaka cultural identifies as japanese therefore she is japanese. if she stay in america she will become black japanese because in america we identify people be race ,not-offensive
8889,1,  worst takes ever.....a blatantly racist cartoon and your attempt at a defense. ,offensive
8890,1,  that is why you never want to deal with the left democrats. they have become lunatics.  trumpderangementsyndrome ,offensive
8891,0,  last tea party rally did not look like the last antifa rally did it? misfits and unsuccessful people is all that rally on left. ,not-offensive
8892,1, boycotting nfl for the rest of my life. ,offensive
8893,1, antifa democrats are going to pay so yuge in november it will be the final nail in the coffin.  you are fruitcake trust funded fakenews journalism. ,offensive
8894,1, i eat some weird shit but this crossed the line ,offensive
8895,0, the far left antifa are the real fash .cowards that hide behind masks and attack anyone who has a diff opinion they even confront not only the old and the vulnerable but children as well ,not-offensive
8896,0,           amazing what liberals can dig up when they are desperate! ,not-offensive
8897,0," anyway she is a man and a mother"""" it is about time she gave it to an actual female. congratulations to naomi! she has class and skills!"""" ",not-offensive
8898,0,"   instead of making up talking points about a culture of responsibility"""" how about you all start taking responsibility, by apologizing to cincinnati for blocking common sense gun control measures this year and for your  dogwhistle tweet smearing  ",not-offensive
8899,0, she is just great. as long as she wins the title eventually ,not-offensive
8900,0," her head is already shaking before he can finish his first sentence, taking a step forward and slamming her cane to prove a point.          “no, steve! childish, perhaps. but she is tired, tired and worried sick all times that someone she cares about decides it is a great idea +"""" ",not-offensive
8901,0,angelina is so funny at rhe wrong times imngonna shoot this bitch uppdoals ,not-offensive
8902,0, “because you are taller than me and i always get excited to see you.” ,not-offensive
8903,0, just despacito ,not-offensive
8904,0,"  democrats would love to see mob rule."""" that is why they like antifa."""" ",not-offensive
8905,0, clinton’s will get you ,not-offensive
8906,0,  i would love to see how those circles would align with “pro life” people who are against gun control and affordable health care.  cognitivedissonance ,not-offensive
8907,0,  there are not no maga hats sold here but that do not stop me from wanting to maga. ,not-offensive
8908,0, he must see a lot of himself in them. ,not-offensive
8909,0,  gun control anyone?  disarmhate ,not-offensive
8910,0, antifa is a domestic terror organisation though. ,not-offensive
8911,0,  characterizations of famous people are very funny. but not if they are black. cue the race baiters in 3...2...1... ,not-offensive
8912,0,"president trump's economy is the rising tide that is lifting all boats. this is especially true for hispanics who were among the biggest victims of the low growth, high regulation economy under obama""""  hispanics flourishing in trump economy  votered  maga"""" ",not-offensive
8913,1,  her life is crappy because she is crappy. and she is threatening to kill everyone. another nut job...listen up fbi! ,offensive
8914,0, and i will need to relocate ,not-offensive
8915,0, is this nigga really back to dying his hair 2445times in one comeback face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
8916,0, antifa log tosser. ,not-offensive
8917,0,twitter ceo says conservatives ‘feel silenced’ at his heavily liberal company. i wonder why? maybe because they are. we are given examples everyday on here that pretty much anything goes if you are a liberal and not so much if your a conservative .  maga ,not-offensive
8918,0,  at least she is now getting laughed at. ,not-offensive
8919,0,     you are a good dancer and talented in drawings. my fingers are like that when i vote for cnco face with tears of joy   premiosheat2018    latingrammycnco   cnconellen    cnco  thelatinartist  pcas  followerickonig ,not-offensive
8920,0, who is the victim? that remains to be seen. liberals have turned kavanaughs hearings into a circus from the first minute it started. ,not-offensive
8921,0, yes he is! ,not-offensive
8922,0, i am down in 15 minutes if you are ,not-offensive
8923,1,  justsayin’ what the majority is thinking. more  fakeoutrage and  lies from the  lunaticleft. never seen so many sore losers throwing temper tantrums for almost 2 years now. embarrassing!  maga🇺🇸 ,offensive
8924,0, can not believe you are not competitive for the same services as  for life. your service is not worth and extra  30 a month.  cancel ,not-offensive
8925,0, he needs euthanasia ,not-offensive
8926,0, you have the love and support from so many people  even if we are just strangers. you are not alone xo ,not-offensive
8927,0, fake polls. ,not-offensive
8928,0,  gun control is not a solution though ,not-offensive
8929,1,  needs serious psychiatric help. this guy is an anger management bi polar psych 101 case study. ,offensive
8930,0,"  it goes both ways. if i do not agree with you, you are just bitching."""" about the red x. ",not-offensive
8931,1,  liberals are muck rakers. they have no platform to run on. none! culling vulnerable people from the late decades... of the last century... of the previous millennium... shows how desperate they are to be heard. now they are loitering around high schools looking for rumors. sad! ,offensive
8932,0, trump supporter!  maga ,not-offensive
8933,0,  they probably get bonus pay for that ,not-offensive
8934,0,    nvm he is dodging us we can play you now ,not-offensive
8935,0, prayers for your wife. i too had colon cancer..having bowel problems so apt w gi after my oncologist. so i know what she is going thru. prayers for you both. remember god is in control. ,not-offensive
8936,1, maga white people ,offensive
8937,1, go to la casa de las micheladas!!!! they have some crazy ass ones! ,offensive
8938,0, do you think if we let the ecb handle brexit and the conservatives handle this new tournament they might actually make less of a mess of them both? ,not-offensive
8939,1, what a freaking ass. ,offensive
8940,1, maybe they will havana an antifa race war and slam the dildos out of each others butts. ,offensive
8941,0,   that is the aim  liberty   wwg1wga  maga  therainmakers  qanon  qarmy ,not-offensive
8942,0,            shush it makes the ship make more sense ,not-offensive
8943,0, arrest holder for high crimes against the republic. ,not-offensive
8944,1,   fails to realize he is the party of  and antifa. a complete lack of self awareness. these people are dangerous.  enemyofthepeople ,offensive
8945,1,  she is an hypocrite and back stabber like her boss! she applaud this clip. neighbors help each other when they need help?  ,offensive
8946,0,"gallup  record low percentage cite economy as main us concern""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
8947,1," i hate a man who thinks his irrelevant opinion matters"""" ass bitch ",offensive
8948,0,       ...they are setting a horrendous precedent here. any horny teenage makeout sessions are now open to interpretation and hazy recollecting..? ,not-offensive
8949,1,  shit ode ,offensive
8950,0,  i know you guys are scared of antifa ,not-offensive
8951,0,  liberals judge you guilty even when proven innocent.  liberalsneedtheirownpsychward ,not-offensive
8952,0,  my bias park jimin  he is perfect man smiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyes  jimin  bts  main dancer and read vocaltwo hearts heart yourolling on the floor laughingheart decorationthumbs up ,not-offensive
8953,0,     he is harry potter ,not-offensive
8954,0,  yes because we simply must be politically.  heaven forbid we do not give the liberals their due justice. ,not-offensive
8955,1, i mean it worked for gun control right? ,offensive
8956,0,  the difference between a demon and a pedophilia priest.....a demon let us you know it is there ,not-offensive
8957,1, has any ex obama administration personal not yet?  see a pattern here folks!  their actually doing this publicly. the msm is their partner in this treason.  it is a attempted coup d'etat!!! ,offensive
8958,0, she is full of it. she will go for it. ,not-offensive
8959,1,     oh and how do think the victim feels? I am sure she is fine with the death threats and insults she is been getting spewed at her by you fine christian conservatives ,offensive
8960,1, breitbart must be hacked! your headline says it all. ,offensive
8961,0,   and how 500 pound females do you know hm. ,not-offensive
8962,0,  antifa loud mouth.  democrat. ,not-offensive
8963,0,   well you may be right. always the optimist I am going to carry on with my  possibly deranged  mission to believe we can achieve a united front. ,not-offensive
8964,1, i got this ,offensive
8965,0, yes everyone does but he is in the best position and missing all over the place ,not-offensive
8966,0, would not it be easier to close the loopholes that allow guns to get into the wrong hands?  this article by duke's center for children and families provides a good overview on the subject.  ,not-offensive
8967,0,  no longer believe a single word that the despicable woman   utters   a liability to our nation and  ,not-offensive
8968,1, why would he order cohen to print more money?  it is amazing how bad you are at this.  or are you just dishonest and purposefully spreading fake news? ,offensive
8969,0, bite ,not-offensive
8970,1,    shitt on pitt   perfect for wiping the seat! ,offensive
8971,0,  oink ,not-offensive
8972,0,  whistleblower must be the only non kid toucher behind the vatican walls. ,not-offensive
8973,1,     also trump is a fascist  literally.  the central govt thing for anyone always seems to depend upon who is running it. magas are fine with fascist trump and liberals were fine with obama. my ideas about good government are a bit different. of course i did admit to being a quaker. ,offensive
8974,1,   i watch obama for as long as i can stomach him just for the laughs laughing out loud he approves himself to be even more of a narcissist every day! he is so full of himself a.k.a. full of shit!  hanghim ,offensive
8975,0,   he should withdraw.he is hurtng gop chances i is a credible person.the judge is suspect ,not-offensive
8976,1, unfirtunately i have seen hispanics justifying shit from trump. i argued with two family members of mine who believes trump did helped pr a lot.   and i have a relative who he is a trump fan  and agreeds that the majority of immigrants that come are bad.   it is upsetting ,offensive
8977,0, idk by comparison he is the least liked or atleast that is what I have seen but hey I am probably wrong ,not-offensive
8978,0,add who is behind antifa and who organized and paid protestors at kavanaugh hearing!🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
8979,1," top 5 excuses"""" liberals use when they are losing and desperate.  1 racism  2 sexism  3 russia  4 guns  5 the rich vote democrats out! america does not need loser leaders. and whiners!"""" ",offensive
8980,0,   maybe he is just light in his loafers ,not-offensive
8981,0,  it really does not matter if she wanted to be an actress or not. montel is grasping at potential insults to try to discredit dana. the fact is she was hired to do a job and she is good at it. trump haters simply attack her and you because their candidate lost. montel is irrelevant ,not-offensive
8982,1,"  you say you are part of the resistance so I am fairly certain you are pro gun control. my question to you is...why would you want a government headed by this so called dictator"""" to enact stricter gun control? i do not think that is an argument that will get you very far."""" ",offensive
8983,1,  that is exactly what you evil liberals do. you try to intimidate people so they can step down. i guess bullying is ok when it is done by liberals ,offensive
8984,0, childess ,not-offensive
8985,0, well actually we are better off. just to say the fema asl guy is my hero. he is the total package. i do not understand sign but i completely got what he was signing. ,not-offensive
8986,0, i hope he is safe ,not-offensive
8987,0,    be smarter  congress legislates. we need congress with better skill stacks to solve. dr shiva has incredible proposal.  if you can stop long enough to learn.  ,not-offensive
8988,0, disgusted her constituents voted liberal  leonaalleslev  fuck off ,not-offensive
8989,1,      they can not. his a sheep. just follow along with fake news and put everyone who can think for themselves as kkk. antifa wannabes ,offensive
8990,0,  the men senators should allow citizens to question the accuser.  the citizens should be women and conservatives  who love america and fairness. ,not-offensive
8991,1, because he did not do any think sorry that not true you and obama screw the american people when ever you could! ,offensive
8992,0,  being paid no doubt ,not-offensive
8993,0,  funny how the we need more gun control fanatics think they want a shooting war. where are they going to go to get their free obama guns ,not-offensive
8994,1,  oshaeterry  thuglife  criminal behaved as an ordinary disposable criminal.  maga  maga2020  magarallyrules  texaspolice ,offensive
8995,0,  not surprising at all.   the trudeau “liberals” have been using it to emotionally manipulate and divide canadians since the beginning. ,not-offensive
8996,1," if only he were the craziest mf out there. sadly, he is not. there are far worse examples of good christians."""""""" ",offensive
8997,0, he is so handsome! ,not-offensive
8998,1, evidently she is as big a narcissist as he is. ,offensive
8999,0,  i had the good fortune of having her jump on a stickerwoman post a while back. she is a woman crying face  she tried to tell me that stickerwoman was a hate crime against muslims ...thinking face ,not-offensive
9000,0,   we will be there opening night! raising handsthumbs up ,not-offensive
9001,0, children  should be seen and not heard!!! ,not-offensive
9002,0, vigano should come forward....reveal where he is...reveal all documents...and be on board helping prosecution....... ,not-offensive
9003,0,      that might be a minor factor... but that is not what they are saying...    peoplesvote ,not-offensive
9004,1, he is a coward. ,offensive
9005,0, thank you to everyone for making this possible you are amazing and so are the beautiful bears. I am a member of olivers army and i appreciate everything you do to make lives better. ,not-offensive
9006,0, hey  beniesanders  they all can not come to us!  come on.  we have enough problems with your  antifa . ,not-offensive
9007,0,  with good reason! ,not-offensive
9008,0,  i hope you do not make it! ,not-offensive
9009,0, hold up this for real? am i reading that right? everything is free? ,not-offensive
9010,0, is out of control. they destroy ford by exposing her. now claim she is receiving death threats. uhm..then stop threatening her. fact is liberals are only ones who threaten people.  investigate dnc! ,not-offensive
9011,0, and the liberals will supply them with these modern fighters! ,not-offensive
9012,0,   so you are clearly admitting big names big cast also reason of sanju aye dil yeh jawani barfi suceess thinking facethinking facethinking face ,not-offensive
9013,0,  maybe she is lying? why is she not responding ,not-offensive
9014,0,  the republicans are against nancy pelosi because she is for the working class. they demonized her because she does not help the rich. thank you nancy for your service and being for the little guys. ,not-offensive
9015,0,an anonymous message to  antifa  q  qanon  thegreatawakening  commieclowns  resistancerises  resistance ,not-offensive
9016,1, liberals like you will never convince us to become lazy entitled victims. but keep trying. i just feel sorry for your son. having to be raised by someone who will only impart him with the mindset of self hate and victim hood. ,offensive
9017,0, a disgrace ,not-offensive
9018,0,old article but its going to be relevant very soon.... clintonfoundation  maga  clintoncrimes ,not-offensive
9019,0,       can you give me a better term than cultist for someone who will change their view on gun control to defend bernie rather just admit that his record his awful? ,not-offensive
9020,1, is the only one worth slapping your cock on  cocktribute and cumming all over  cumtribute   she is my cumslave after all smiling face with sunglasses ,offensive
9021,1,  a horrendous act of course. conservatives lie like they breath and are just generally awful human beings. i do not doubt the victims story even a tiny bit ,offensive
9022,1, poorly worded but he is not talking about the actual shooting. he means the aftermath with the gun control aspect. ,offensive
9023,0,  unfortunately that it the liberals agenda ,not-offensive
9024,0, you are very welcome! there are some incredible bloggers i have connected with on here! ,not-offensive
9025,0," this pesky"""" first amendment only applies to the radical left when it is there opinion. otherwise they become very violent when others attempt to speak. look to the campus's and antifa for proof."""" ",not-offensive
9026,0, i saw that this morning..i hope she is doing ok. bless her heart. thank you! ,not-offensive
9027,0, she sounds amazing and it is a bloody disgrace that she is mostly forgotten. ,not-offensive
9028,0, antifa members have to be their  1 clients. ,not-offensive
9029,0,  i think they meant to write michael. ,not-offensive
9030,0, deplorable is an understatement he is just as his supporters are .... i do not even have a word.. it is just time to end this to end it .. impeach imprison execute what even the harshest penalty imaginable that animal deserves it ,not-offensive
9031,0,  i feel sorry for liberals after far left hijacked their name ,not-offensive
9032,1, I am almost shot by la gang member illegal in traffic 9 5 4.45 pm my belief in the 2nd amendment reaches absolute criminals want victims unarmed pix later  nra gun control rights grab false flag 2a  ice polsi fienstine trump ,offensive
9033,0, why are people exressing 'shock' at what a majority government does when in government? this is a fact of life. i.e  check out what the liberals both previously provincially and currently federally did and do. hello. ,not-offensive
9034,0, a few comics i never met i really want to meet now and he is one of them ha ,not-offensive
9035,0, exactly. we can take the theatre. thumbs up ,not-offensive
9036,0,"    usaafr18 looking forward to  dr. deirdre cooper owens, who will give the wednesday, october 17, 2018 lecture about medical bondage and the birth of american gynecology."""""""" ",not-offensive
9037,1, bad gun control seems like. missed his brains.... bummer! ,offensive
9038,0, give norm his own show!  he is funny face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
9039,0, how come they only asked 2 questions on gun control?  that guy is in for sure ,not-offensive
9040,0,  well john started the nuke button hit being an antiamerican hater and well trump is going to desecrate the liberals agenda and the results will be awesomeness backhand index pointing rightlight skin tone🇺🇸dove ,not-offensive
9041,0, i made my position clear with the principal...that clearly he is used to dealing with young adults. my son is not mentally. i would ask they check before sending me that msg again. i think my likeness is a dart board in the staff lounge ,not-offensive
9042,0,  i guess it is time to get divorced just so we can keep more income. how silly is that. liberals have no clue. make it so all canadians can benefit not just divorced couples.  whatareyouthinking? ,not-offensive
9043,1,  dear fatties against fascism...  walkaway from the democrats.... antifa = democrats = dixiecrats = kkk  there are no fascists in america.  same hate. different colored hoods. party of hate since 1828 ,offensive
9044,1, f the democrats.  slimy bastards. ,offensive
9045,0,"...people of good faith and high character can and do come to competing  conclusions about originalism, abortion, gun control, and religious liberty.""""   kavanaugh  kavanaughhearings ",not-offensive
9046,0,. has proved to us a second time she is undeniably a force to be reckoned with in the industry with the release of  lotwvideo. check it out here  ,not-offensive
9047,0,accept me for who i am. i understand it is not easy. but neither is loving someone who only tries to  correct your flaws that only make you so incredibly unique. crown ,not-offensive
9048,1, he probably had sex twice for boruto and the other sister that no one cares about ,offensive
9049,0,**available position** teacher   special education mild moderate if you are interested qualified apply at the link below  ,not-offensive
9050,0,looking forward to another great rally tonight in fabulous las vegas!!! never tire of hearing  speak!!! he gives energy to his base...and we give it back to him!!!  loveourpotus  maga  kag ,not-offensive
9051,0,   liberals believe rules are for the middle class and those hoping to join them.   ethics  friendsandfamily   cdnpoli  lpc     ,not-offensive
9052,0, have not set any expectations on him... he has set his own goals chasing his own dreams..  he has asked those questions from the doctor and making decisions with advisement from me his parent... he is growing to be his own man ,not-offensive
9053,0, wakeupamerica  americafirst  maga  trump2020  kag2020  redwaverising2018  votered2018  txsen  voteredtosaveamerica  keeptexasred  tedcruz2018  buildthewall  voterid  confirmkavanaugh   walkawaycampaign   walkaway from  liberalhate  liberalintolerance and  socialistlies  vetobeto ,not-offensive
9054,0, there you are! waving handpaw prints ,not-offensive
9055,1, face with tears of joythat zombie walk was a little scary. remember when that zombie said he was going to eat shon’s buttskull ,offensive
9056,0, we apologize for the delay in response here and wanted to follow up and see if you are still experiencing issues. our engineers are in the final stages of mitigating impact related to the event.  ma ,not-offensive
9057,1,   i should wash your mouth out with soap for saying that! i have the utmost respect and admiration for our cops. i do not have that for dirt bags who would break into my home.  gun control means a steady hand not an empty one. go talk to antifa buddies about being a drain ,offensive
9058,1, holder was held in contempt of congress. why is not in prison for fast and furious? how about for murder? ,offensive
9059,0,7. you both do not live to impress people but you are comfortable in your skins and still bring out the best in each other.  adamandeve ,not-offensive
9060,0, which is why i am loving all this shit right now laughing out loud ,not-offensive
9061,0,  liberals and their games ,not-offensive
9062,1, one added me to a “liberals I would like to slaughter” last month. that was fun ,offensive
9063,0,   who is paying for your tweet? antifa? ,not-offensive
9064,1,   harris makes herself look very ignorant daily!  maga without them! ,offensive
9065,1, cincinatti  well these shootings will keep happening because of your stupid gun laws so its time americans woke up and do something about it because it will keep on happening again and again and not god and prayers are going to help only proper gun control laws will. ,offensive
9066,0,  you rotated him the wrong way and now it looks like he is gliding. ,not-offensive
9067,0, i think gun control and progressive tax rates are unjust. can i ignore them? ,not-offensive
9068,1,what if i told you there is a group in israel and in america that has been controlling us foreign policiy for decades using spie lies and quasi blackmail schemes. would you believe me?  maga  americafirst  the   ,offensive
9069,0,  goth if you do not mind how you vet to 530 I am currently stuck at 516 and done my powerful gear ,not-offensive
9070,1, aww... he is such a busy monster. ,offensive
9071,0,  leader of antifa ,not-offensive
9072,0,  you both look lovely!  flotusrocks  maga 🇺🇸raising handsmedium dark skin tone ,not-offensive
9073,0, he was all about bashing the iraq war but when faced with the binary choice he is pretty proud of supporting that same status quo vigorously. i do not get it either. ,not-offensive
9074,1,my guess is 44 got it from those 100's of  bil of money he stole from  fanniemae that sat off balance as a slush fund in   see  fanniegate.   thursdaythoughts  releasethetexts  noredactions  obamagate  obamaknew  drainthedeepstate    maga ,offensive
9075,0,  she is all women. ,not-offensive
9076,0,  but as a sidenote i do not categorize all ppl on the left as *far left*   *antifa thugs* etc. far from. and i do not condone any effort to perpetuate such behavior. ,not-offensive
9077,0,  once again  does zero research. but she is on the tv!! ,not-offensive
9078,0, black would be cute w  your skin tone ,not-offensive
9079,0,  yep..says the same thing about everyone she hates and warned the antifa twins not to do that.. ,not-offensive
9080,0, denial stage. almost at admission ,not-offensive
9081,0, rock hard man ,not-offensive
9082,1," 1st pic  oh my god the batman v superman trailer is awesome"""" 2nd pic  """"oh my god bvs is awesome 3rd pic  """"oh, you do not like bvs and call it a shit movie?? well bitch"""" 4th pic  """"oh, zack was fired, henry left and ben is leaving"""""""" ",offensive
9083,1,   have you ever seen antifa burning college campuses and trashing them any time a conservative comes to speak ? educate yourself please ! ,offensive
9084,0, morningjoe  liberals and their selective outrage. ,not-offensive
9085,0,  unfortunately you are right. keep it real.  she is the assault weapon! ,not-offensive
9086,0, happy birthday red heart️ hope you are having a wonderful day two hearts ,not-offensive
9087,0,. opposes the student loan refinancing bill that would help hundreds of thousands of borrowers get lower rates at no net cost to taxpayers. he is losing this election and he is a desperate politician.   democrats might not want to let him steal this issue. ,not-offensive
9088,0,     not strict enough? so in your world of stricter gun control shall the military go door to door siezing firearms from thos not willing to give them up.? ,not-offensive
9089,1,     i can understand that and if it is someone i know I will debate with them but I am not willing to spend that much time trying to change the mind of someone i do not know i tryed that with people and gun control and it just get stupid because they will not try to understand ,offensive
9090,1, oh shit this will trigger some bigots ,offensive
9091,1, do you have the state right....cali and chicago are protected by many strict gun control laws. ,offensive
9092,0,          you are so beautiful!!crying facesmiling face with heart eyesxx ,not-offensive
9093,0, the liberals have used and abused the african american and any other group that comes in contact with them this just an extension of their corrupt and ruthless ways of trying to get power .the  metoo .so called movement has been reduced to a tool ,not-offensive
9094,0, what would you trade for jimmy mcbuckets? we know he is a big westbrook fan ,not-offensive
9095,1, qual? ,offensive
9096,0, many thanks to karel in banquet services   he is treating our ona student newsroom team sooooo well. we really appreciate the whole team! ,not-offensive
9097,0,       the kid he scored on looks like he is about to drop outta school now. somebody check on him ,not-offensive
9098,0, brennan probably wrote that nyt op ed ,not-offensive
9099,0, yeah if a officer wants to watch his career go down the shitter ........ ,not-offensive
9100,0, he is the eggman. ,not-offensive
9101,0, if you stand up for what is right? the conservatives were mad one of there is crossed but it is ok for a liberal. that is double faced! ,not-offensive
9102,0,  where does mrs may get her 'cunning plans' from? ,not-offensive
9103,0," radicalism???  who is behind antifa and other disruptive organizations causing havoc   your buddy george soros.  again, if you have a specific accusation, you should bring it... all of your words are political rhetoric.  nothing clear"""" here."""" ",not-offensive
9104,1,  oh you are in england?  your views on gun control stopped mattering in 1776. ,offensive
9105,1, stfu bitch laughing out loud why you salty I am tryna get twitter famous ya know ,offensive
9106,0,  worry about college.  your 15 min of fame is over and you have no clue. ,not-offensive
9107,0, democrats plan working!!!face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
9108,0,  laugh my ass off please show me the proof of all you state. not what i said on cnn. facts just the facts. like i said funny all this pops up when all the other stunts did not stop the vote. if she is serious she can recall the house how she got there and all the important info. not that it ,not-offensive
9109,1,   how convenient a conservative dummy believes people are selectively unemployed.conservatives always try to use this type of propaganda. no facts!just their warped conservative beliefs. it is very clear.many conservatives like  do not have the ability to learn or think ,offensive
9110,0,  is not it what liberals want? now they are crying with the consequences  on a budget money comes out of some other program.. liberals just print more money ,not-offensive
9111,1,   he is a sick individual i do not care if he is the pope or the trash pick up guy. sick and bring to justice ,offensive
9112,1,  poor baby.  this is why you and your entire network can not be trusted.  the only people still watching cnn are brainwashed liberals and demonrats. ,offensive
9113,1,"      you are fkn deluded pal  fatnixon is a digusting pig  trump interview on 9 11   my building  was the 2nd tallest in manhattan... and now it is the tallest."""""""" ",offensive
9114,0, dude she is a babe! that dress wowowowowow ,not-offensive
9115,0,     saw 6 female supporters of the judge k on fox! awesome women!conservatives rightly fear harassment and threats of physical harm for speaking out publicly today.few people trust journalists not to twist what they say. happened to me twice. i learned! ,not-offensive
9116,0, talk to her. get to know who she is ,not-offensive
9117,0,   she is a long time proponent of killing the unborn. ,not-offensive
9118,0, fake news spewing lies again ! patriot voters do not approve of kaepernick and his socialist nike ads!!thumbs downmedium light skin tonethumbs downmedium light skin tonethumbs downmedium light skin tone🤮fireogre ,not-offensive
9119,0, hey biden.  there is a reason why hard working americans will never tolerate you or your career politicians again!   maga thank you trump ,not-offensive
9120,1,"   i purposefully had my damsel"""" be a bit of a badass. she is saved by the protag, saved by the third party member, and sticks her neck out to save their hind quarters just as often  if not more! . sure, she may have ulterior motives  *evil laugh*  but she is still pretty kickass!"""" ",offensive
9121,0, .. newer info from this week.  this is obvious to you right?  if kaz said in june the ipo is a go for nov but in sept they say it is no hold for filing issues then that is simply a change out of our control...right?  i am not sure what you are after but it is enjoyable listening. ,not-offensive
9122,1,  we all know this is another liberals corruption!! ,offensive
9123,0,   this is what i get from twitter liberals. ,not-offensive
9124,0,  yes like going after the 5pc on plastic bags so that  could get their own way on uni credit and austerity and even now go back on a promise to cut tax for self employed ,not-offensive
9125,0,    it to t dd ,not-offensive
9126,0, beto running hard left   open borders   aggressive gun control   socialise medicine   raising taxes. dem turnout up 100  in primary's 500k to 1 mil and is outraising cruz. though texas had 1.5m rep turnout...must show up and vote in november. do not assume your neighbour will do it ,not-offensive
9127,0, good. ,not-offensive
9128,0,.theresa may  today i can announce that new longer term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground breaking £2 billion initiative...the first time any government has offered housing associations such long … ,not-offensive
9129,0,    your comparing apples and oranges like liberals often do. we in texas are very strategic and methodical in our voting. we understand what works for texas does not in voting nationally. but who we elect in texas affects the nation. ,not-offensive
9130,0,                                          job description  in charge of the big door.    because that is the most likely point of entry for the antifa hackers and their doxx equipment  which is quite cumbersome . ,not-offensive
9131,1, it is scary stuff to see how dedicated you are to preventing people's access to resources during a crisis. ,offensive
9132,0,   she is!! have you seen her tweets lately?? ,not-offensive
9133,1, thank you for proving my point.  you are foulmouthed trash ,offensive
9134,1,   wow !!! no wonder the liberals only got worse as a party of bullies to women...??? no accountability. ,offensive
9135,1, if he is implying that he is an agent of the devil's will then i fully agree! ,offensive
9136,1, always been a lier ,offensive
9137,1,"trump’s lies have grown far more frequent—and more dangerous – mother jones  truth decay""""...  maga. we are doomed."""" ",offensive
9138,0,  she should but probably can not stay awake long enough to leave the country. said she would move to new zeland but i see she is still here. too bad ,not-offensive
9139,0,"  she is referring to briefs, underwear"""" , or as the white folks say """"tighty whities"""""""" ",not-offensive
9140,1, oh shit ,offensive
9141,1, hope all is well. that is so fucked. like seriously what the fuck is wrong with ppl now. gun control is no issue though right. thank god i live in canada. feel brutal for all the attacks in the you.s.a but seriously it will not go away. ,offensive
9142,0,trump is what we need  maga ,not-offensive
9143,1,   well then i guess it is totally fine to attack his character then. my mistake. i mean what right does an american who was the victim of gun violence have to call for stricter gun control laws anyway? ,offensive
9144,0, twitterpurge documentation white heavy check markam i the only 1 who gains 50 followers then loses75 followers dailypouting face stop  twittercensorship of  conservatives ,not-offensive
9145,0,  ask the black panthers whent well thrill milford act. ask why the first gun control listed niggers could not touch guns under penalty of death. also glad you can see that all the gun control has never been for reduction of violence it is about enforcing tyranny ,not-offensive
9146,0, you can not lump small l liberal conservatives in with the far right nutbags....... ,not-offensive
9147,0,     what freedom do you have that people who live with gun control do not have? ,not-offensive
9148,0,"  aunt crabby, will you bake her some special"""" cookies so she will children out! i worry she is going to have a heat attack!"""" ",not-offensive
9149,0, i went to the live twice but i was impressed and it was really cool stage!you are my bestdj!!thank you hardwellred heart️ ,not-offensive
9150,1, eyes sitting here thinking he has a killer porn stache ,offensive
9151,0,     you should have followed flake's lead and left the senate!  you are one unpopular guy.  always working against the potus.  just another rino in the senate of swamp creatures! ,not-offensive
9152,0,. gets endorsement of nation's largest gun control group ,not-offensive
9153,0,     if you are in a state with medical pot go get him some brownies or a tincture it will help. ,not-offensive
9154,0,     just need to hang in strong together such actions will hand tories a life line on a plate ? without  are going to be ripped apart come the next general election ,not-offensive
9155,0, bull ,not-offensive
9156,0, limousine liberals and western feminists have much in common but their mutual sanctimony stands out for all to see. ,not-offensive
9157,1, can not we send this pig back to canada. he is an animal. ,offensive
9158,0,  they did not actually they engaged in an extortion racket via austerity and borrowed like no other ,not-offensive
9159,0, thank you for signing shelby’s poster last night! she is still so excited. we are so proud of our big win!  onetroy  gotrojans  proudalum ,not-offensive
9160,1, yesonkavanaugh yes because it is the right thing to do yes because conservatives are in power yes because democrats are miserable humans yes because we are sick and tired of the tantrums from the democrats yes because they freaking lost the election! please add more reasons!!!! ,offensive
9161,1,  he is a failure in every way possible. ,offensive
9162,0, oh yeah I am down if you are ,not-offensive
9163,0,      but everyone arguing for gun control always points to australia and the eu for examples? ,not-offensive
9164,0, what is next...  mr. hooper is retconned as a pedophile  grover becomes trans  barkley is neutered  big bird is put on meds to stop seeing snuffy  oscar shoots heroin  elmo now member of the church of satan  telly joins antifa  zoe has abortion  kermit labeled hate symbol by splc ,not-offensive
9165,1," it is amusing and sickening to watch these scientists"""" twist themselves into knots to justify their gun control agenda.  gunsense is dishonest, through and through."""" ",offensive
9166,0, “because you are alone” dang mama chu is not taking any prisoners ,not-offensive
9167,1,  she lost because she got outplayed. she is disgusting for her behaviour ,offensive
9168,0, donald trump in nevada either at that maga rally or tge gop convention...his hollowing out of america tour or as putin likes to put it...”project red wave” ,not-offensive
9169,1, noticed you broke away as soon as the senate started talking about the great 4.2 growth rate and salary increases for employees.  your station is so crooked!!!!   also negative on the conservatives and praise the liberals!   drainthedeepstate  crookedmedia ,offensive
9170,0,  she is a private ,not-offensive
9171,0, she is inciting violence .  big difference between free speech and inciting violence.  sometimes you are expecting action good or bad from the words you use.  people must be held accountable for those words good or bad. ,not-offensive
9172,0," george constanza once famously said, if you believe it to be true, it is not a lie jerry"""".....in this situation you could have someone believe that they are the hero by stopping a conservative appointment.  that is how the liberals justify everything bad they do including violence"""" ",not-offensive
9173,0,    your side has antifa. you into them? like violence? ,not-offensive
9174,1, then you must condemn antifa and blm who spew hate and fear toward the police ,offensive
9175,1, holy shit of all people to say that a nebraska fan. please take your dead program somewhere else and keep your vcr around to watch highlights from the 90s. ,offensive
9176,1,     she is so calm and patient. that is great..keep it up. do not mind people because everyone has their own viewpoints on each aspects of life. ,offensive
9177,0, you are stronger than you believe my beautiful sneaky pig. dcl teaches us so much and i am grateful we have the chance to explore ourselves as we grow and learn loudly crying facered heart️red heart️ ,not-offensive
9178,0, of course they should not because its obviously complete bs. they just want it delayed and when its time for the vote again they will come up with  another plant accuser. and why does every supposed victim of apparent “rape” liberals come up with always look like a lesbian art teacher laughing out loud ,not-offensive
9179,0, just finished saying to my wife that “conservatives are not ready for the likes of stormy  thanks for everything stormy ,not-offensive
9180,0, no doubt she is proud of her daughter from heaven! so sorry for your loss  at such a young age  how difficult it must have been and i imagine to a certain degree still must be...she sounds as a truly wonderful person. you are her legacy! ,not-offensive
9181,0, morrows history is he is not going to stay healthy. he is a dominant reliever but his track record is hes going to land on the dl at some point ,not-offensive
9182,1, is really that bitch wow ,offensive
9183,0,      i will admit she has not charted and i blame that on the fact that she is an artist she does things her own way and sometimes not following the trends or staying in a mold will because you to fall out of the “relevant spotlight” ,not-offensive
9184,1, no nigga ,offensive
9185,0, yeah but he painted a cat once so he is good ,not-offensive
9186,0,  i hope you are voting for  on thursday. ,not-offensive
9187,1,  does nicki even know who she is??? dreamdoll a whole bully ,offensive
9188,0," he was not really different with who he is now."""" or probably howard himself did not really know his son.  """"he does not trust easily. you have to earn his trust before you can get to know the real him, i guess. tony has, at all times, at least fifteen thoughts of varying   """" ",not-offensive
9189,0, then tell your pal soros to stop funding hate groups like antifa ,not-offensive
9190,1, shut your ass up sneezing face ,offensive
9191,0,calm down you loon. kavanaugh is already confirmed and you know it. make plans for alternate employment after the  trumptrain2020 train disembowels the  democrat party in this country. starting with removing  roevwade then  buildthewall then  maga !!!  ,not-offensive
9192,0, 802 is not a poll especially because they are all liberals ,not-offensive
9193,1," furries can suck my dick, this is both an offer and an insult"""""""" ",offensive
9194,0, yup total gun control works just fine.  well not in mexico. ,not-offensive
9195,0, so liberals will cheer ...they live illegal aliens..... ,not-offensive
9196,0,a madison resident who has posted a series of anti president trump signs outside his or her home is at it again with another negative sign. ,not-offensive
9197,0, congratulations google finally revealed as the chinese controlled company it has become ,not-offensive
9198,0, that is why conservatives are so afraid of weed. they think it will make them love black people. ,not-offensive
9199,0, introducing my sweet sweet baby king! he is always sooo nice! and when i try to sit on the sofa he never attacks me! ,not-offensive
9200,0,   he is ,not-offensive
9201,0, depending on a government or politician to furnish ones basic needs make the individual or group of citizens lazy ,not-offensive
9202,0, girl! which foundation?!?! ,not-offensive
9203,0,     unfortunately some democrats and their supporters have shown support for antifa and lied by saying they were protesting peacefully ,not-offensive
9204,1," if anything, would not that be a state law?  he is running for federal office.   thinks texans are morons...about this and illegally claiming to be a government office and sending out summons"""" for money.  maga  texans"""" ",offensive
9205,0,  hugs red applered heartgreen apple  maga  hundred points🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
9206,0,                                                  somewhere i saw that the real reason that gun control was first pushed in the 60's was to keep the guns out of the minorities hands. ,not-offensive
9207,0, antifa rocker  d ,not-offensive
9208,1,  same rat that said antifa was a black organization ,offensive
9209,1, would that make him the equivalent of the antifa march that started the violence there in the first place? ,offensive
9210,0, i wish i could join a server without disconnecting... ,not-offensive
9211,1, redwave a coming!! that is ok tho. no conservative will harm you b c of your political ideals.  can not say the same for liberals tho. liberals can be vile and nasty to opposing views. ,offensive
9212,0, there was once a convaluted theory nixon was deep throat. ,not-offensive
9213,0, you are the most attractive ever!! seriously maga ets have creepy taste.  the rest of us know attractive when we see it!!  plus we have great hair on this side of the isle!!   of  ,not-offensive
9214,0,"16   however, his views i do not agree with.   he does not believe in climate change.  he opposites a woman's right to have an abortion.  he thinks gender issues are black and white     me man, you woman.""""    imagine in a tarzan voice       gun control does not exist to him."""" ",not-offensive
9215,1,                 little known fact balaam raced donkeys and gambled on races. one day his fastest ass was winning the jerusalem sweepstakes. and right before the finish the ass lost control running over a samaritan and two africans . local antifa saw the whole thing and blamed the fastest ass! ,offensive
9216,1, he should be given 5000 volts! ,offensive
9217,0, you are not alone  i am here with youmusical notes smiling face with open mouth   cold sweat ,not-offensive
9218,1,  who are you to judge a man. is your name jesus? why fuss about the words he chose? how many did your messiah  bring home. stop being a troll and wake up.  maga  qanon  wwg1wga  trump  trusttheplan ,offensive
9219,1,  you are totally disgraceful with you name calling....disgusting ,offensive
9220,1, go buy an antifa shirt from wal mart you lumpenprole ,offensive
9221,1,   the fact that you equate smoking reefer with sexual assault tells me everything i need to know about you. you maga bot types are completely at sea when it comes to basic human decency. like your president. ,offensive
9222,1, we are defo living in the last days ,offensive
9223,0,  fine let us fix chicago’s gun violence.  end gun control. ,not-offensive
9224,1,is anyone surprised that a president who would commit treason with russia to get elected would pick a rapist for the supreme court? mondaymotivation  deplorables  maga  marinesagainsttrump  kavano  bluewave2018  postponethevote  kavanaugh  stopkavanaugh ,offensive
9225,0,the maga 2’s? ,not-offensive
9226,1, fairness?? what about being fair to the democratic process of this republic??? all this is a sham to delay the vote. shameful.   drainthedeepstate  drainthedeepstateswamp  maga ,offensive
9227,0,   but ... but ... i was trying to get him to block me. the trans porn story was the perfect ammunition ... but now it will never happen! face with open mouthanguished faceslightly frowning facedisappointed facecrying faceloudly crying face ,not-offensive
9228,0," eric, his brother, his sister and daddy.... among a lot of other crimes.. stole money from their charity"""" aka personal piggy bank and are being investigated... but here he is acting so """"dope"""".. but he is nothing but a tool"""" ",not-offensive
9229,0, i love you!!! ,not-offensive
9230,1, you fucking   ,offensive
9231,1, so fuckinggg cute smiling face with heart eyes ,offensive
9232,0, comes with the territory but I am going to say it is the same leftist that control antifa...just to make more out of it than it actually is! just saying ,not-offensive
9233,1, what about trumps promise on the border wall or do we pay for his lie what about gun control and innocent lives taken ,offensive
9234,0, god i hope not! ,not-offensive
9235,0,.   you are stripping americans of citizenship?    attacking the poor again as well   home births being more affordable.  my little niece was born at home   unplanned drama. she is 14th generation proven +native. you are going to challenge her citizenship? ,not-offensive
9236,1,  paid protesters.  votedemsout   kavanaugh ,offensive
9237,0, this is  maga's first victory lap. I am up for the vote! ,not-offensive
9238,0, doomentio ,not-offensive
9239,1,   most stupid tweet yet...and yes...its a libtardrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingOK handpile of poo ,offensive
9240,0,  screw you and your team. americans who scraficed are the reason you have a team !!! leave our president alone !!!! ,not-offensive
9241,0, anyone have a lion ,not-offensive
9242,0,    just proves she is a plant. motivation is crystal clear. definite bias. your definition of far right is interesting since it is been proven time and again liberals play the smear campaign each time. accusers then disappear. ,not-offensive
9243,1,a divided self or “my name is legion”  demon possession overall is marked by a loss of freedom.  the gadarenes are us   ergnews  antinazigr  antifagr  antifa  stopthehate  goldendawn  gdtrial  jesuschrist  jesussaves  jesusislord  jesusisgod  prayers  hope ,offensive
9244,0, liberals generally do not think the rules apply to them.  hipster sped walked in front of me to get into the 15 items or less line. he had nearly 30. i had to suffer behind his patchouly oil and things growing out of his beard. his  ebt card was declined. ,not-offensive
9245,1, by acting like a spoiled brat?  women do not need that sort of help. ,offensive
9246,1, gitmo could resolve holders issues along with all of obama’s clowns ,offensive
9247,1,  i do not agree with you. but if you want to see a real damsel in distress play the fucking marry jane missions. they are soooo boring . she is so stupid. ,offensive
9248,0,  just another tool in my toolbox. it is an inanimate object unless i animate it. it is not gun control we need it is mental health control! ,not-offensive
9249,0, you are just too cute ,not-offensive
9250,0,10 winning arguments against gun control – libertennial ,not-offensive
9251,0, liberals always find a new low to achieve ,not-offensive
9252,0, speed test on computer wired and see what speeds do you have ,not-offensive
9253,0, you are hilarious and way too good to me. ,not-offensive
9254,1, help! i already have a verify account but when i try to use it it wants further details  passport  which i do not have with me. so i phone instead and after two minutes of pointless messages it tells me you are busy and hang up!!! what rubbish service. ,offensive
9255,0,  I will take snowflake over maga lightweight any day of the week. because i have standards. ,not-offensive
9256,0,   i sat during the levi's commercial so they know that i do not support their gun control stance ,not-offensive
9257,1,suck it    winning  maga ,offensive
9258,0,  hopefully he will not because he should learn a lesson...and there should be better gun control by then...if he did and something happened he could end up in jail...that does not seem fun...hope he turns his life around for the better ..will he go to foster care? ,not-offensive
9259,1,      liberals are so sensitive that they will believe the okay sign is racist rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
9260,0,                                                  sadly you are not wrong ,not-offensive
9261,1, which is why it is awesome that kavanaugh did not shake that gun control dads hand.  sorry for kid was killed by a gun but it is not the future judges fault it happened...... omg white people in cities are silly ,offensive
9262,0, lmfaooo baby you just as young as she isloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face ,not-offensive
9263,1, liberals want to control ppl from cradle to coffin. they would b happy if ppl avoided all physical social contact w each other..... they are making us so suspicious of each other. divide and conquer is their hidden agenda. ,offensive
9264,0, are  now criticising  policy in england where standardised testing is used in the equivalent of p1.   is this the start of a tory civil war? ,not-offensive
9265,0,  awewww you falling for back up after blocking people face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy end of days my man their all going down this is day one give me a month and we will strip the fascist antifa and mugs like you of all secrecy ,not-offensive
9266,0, once again if you look at the timeline the only ones who are so proud of her is liberal or white liberals. like i tell my hispanic community when you see liberals offended for minorities becareful these people are not your friend. ,not-offensive
9267,0,trump is making america great again ,not-offensive
9268,0, awe hogwash do we really need you to overstate the obvious? ,not-offensive
9269,0, my heart is aches when i search kyla pristin. she is happy now why haters will not let her be ㅜㅡㅜ ,not-offensive
9270,0," so tired of the spicy i know the far right includes literal murderers and far right terrorism is on the rise, but antifa are just as bad because i think they broke a window once."""""""" ",not-offensive
9271,0, I am sure he is. purple heart ,not-offensive
9272,0, do not believe that. ,not-offensive
9273,1, . can not leave fast enough.  it is “conservatives” like him that have caused so much frustration among    rinos with no backbone propelled  presidency! ,offensive
9274,0,             very very proud of flotus ,not-offensive
9275,1, he tihnks he is telling the big lie. ,offensive
9276,0, billy shears rips 'mad captain' donald trump in climate change song. ,not-offensive
9277,0,  you mean you did not see antifa there? ,not-offensive
9278,0,        denial is a common defence by liberals.  he worked for fusion and with fusion.  and michelle is a tranny i know you do not like that but it is true.  you can always deny like obama but the truth explodes out. i pity you for believing the dems like this how sad.  go find a safe place. ,not-offensive
9279,1,   lying pm just like bliar! end of tory party and I am tory party member! remainers refuse to discuss this with me in tory party ! please get rid of this total liar who hooks up with corrupt convict  from       ,offensive
9280,0, i saw this before the results and literally thought i got eliminated we ,not-offensive
9281,0, i hope he is found  ! best wishes to you and your family! ,not-offensive
9282,0,   you conservatives think you know everything ,not-offensive
9283,0, did he complain about gun control afterward? ,not-offensive
9284,1, but they are still the number one fake news network. ,offensive
9285,0," ukip    scotland mep david  coburn mep just said on  theresa  may is capitulating. she should have, at the start, organised leaving eu with no deal and then put her deal on the table and told eu that is what you get or it is no deal.""""  brexit now.   conservatives """" ",not-offensive
9286,0,*your love for one another is the starlight in the darkness that surrounds you. may that luminous love sustain you until the first day of rain cleanses the heartache you are enduring and washes away the pain.*     rememberingedward ,not-offensive
9287,0, twitter just banned the proud boys and alex mcginnis! antifa has not been banned yet they are classified as a terrorist organization. how can this be happening! you need to do something about this! ,not-offensive
9288,0, good grief texas do not vote for this guy. ,not-offensive
9289,1,  liberals do not give a rats ass but having power!! period!! they cry over everything that does not go their way ,offensive
9290,0, she is free as a bird to return to her muslim homeland ,not-offensive
9291,0, you do not know me ,not-offensive
9292,0," we the people of  trumpnation stand firmly behind  most complaining farmers    whom corey booker suddenly discovered"""" and thinks he can divide off the  maga nation    understand that they must sacrifice a little for other americans who have been raped by  china."""" ",not-offensive
9293,1, me trying to avoid the freshman boys who hang out in my block and hit on me everyday ,offensive
9294,0,                                                perhaps you have also forgotten   ,not-offensive
9295,1, canada does not need another cuck! we already have enough  looneyleft  liberals f**king up our great country!  qproofs  trudeaumustgo ,offensive
9296,0,along with occupy wall st and antifa ,not-offensive
9297,1,   i have heard he is making waves ,offensive
9298,0,"   by saying they eat my dogs"""" in correlation to bts, you are automatically relating asians to """"dog eaters"""". you know that bts does not eat dogs, so your comment was obviously meant to convey hate."""" ",not-offensive
9299,0, that was a little too curious ,not-offensive
9300,0, keep up all you do blair you are an incredible person ,not-offensive
9301,0, good luck on your future endeavors...you are surely going to be missed disappointed but relieved face ,not-offensive
9302,0, her own party does not want that ,not-offensive
9303,0, so the fbi is a hotbed of liberals and leftists???? rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing you are no brian dennehy. ,not-offensive
9304,0, thanks colleen smiling face with halomeans a lot to me.....she is doing good about 4 hours away from louisville kentucky thumbs up ,not-offensive
9305,1, white liberals like you and your colored ilk are easily worse than bigots. you are nothing but a coward and victim hood enabler who wants to keep my kind impoverished via welfare and identity politics. thank god more people are seeing your evil for what it is ,offensive
9306,0, there were no abuses! that is the point bill! you just did what liberals do. condemned a man with zero evidence. if a conservative woman would of accused him? maybe! seems only liberals get groped! go figure! what are the odds ?  ,not-offensive
9307,0, he is best player! ,not-offensive
9308,0, you are so right  the person pictured in your tweet has no decency and does not deserve the honor of serving america. he should resign immediately. ,not-offensive
9309,0,  you are absolutely right ,not-offensive
9310,0, diannefeinstein proves what 2nd amendment supporters have long known about gun control laws ,not-offensive
9311,0, you are far too kind smiling face with heart eyessmiling face with smiling eyeshugging face ,not-offensive
9312,0, great news! old moonbeam just went into a coma! face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
9313,0,    look at chicago washington dc and other areas with the strictest gun control laws and tell me that the people that are not able to arm themselves are safe. I will wait. ,not-offensive
9314,0,   now the leftist needs to condemn the violence of  antifa ,not-offensive
9315,0,  now finish your juice box and get out your nap mats... ,not-offensive
9316,1,   do not get on here saying that type of dumb shit ,offensive
9317,0, man they should really consider some type of gun control. ,not-offensive
9318,1,  living up to his nickname tonight! fucking nightmare.  ufc228 ,offensive
9319,1,i just threw up in my mouth.  lockherup  maga ,offensive
9320,0, could cbc get liberals to tell us the definition of middle class? they do not seem to know.  also mps use the term ordinary canadians.  are these born canadians?  special are boarder crossers? i would love an answer.  liberals are in mute on this point.  butthead has not told them ,not-offensive
9321,0,      amazing seeing how she is a prof and an activist ,not-offensive
9322,0,  how about because he is useless? ,not-offensive
9323,1, he hit the lotto ,offensive
9324,0, bitter liberals are so funny.  keep posting with anger!  so fun to read.... ,not-offensive
9325,0, i would not mind seeing antifa try this. i doubt it is bait either. ,not-offensive
9326,0, she needs to make as much money as she can while the liberals are all duped. ,not-offensive
9327,0," liberals do not like to be pushed around.   conservatives are not supposed to be autocratic, we are.""""  you know you are winning when they are shouting exceeds their understanding of rules based law.  best way to watch liberals heads explode is for cons to be more unpredictable. ",not-offensive
9328,0,  wow she is nuts! ,not-offensive
9329,1, liberals  anderson cooper is gay which by default means he can never do wrong.  also liberals  trump jr is a pos because of who is dad is. ,offensive
9330,1,  i do not see that as racist though all i see is an undeserving overbearing crybaby throwing a tantrum like only serena williams can pull off. maybe she is the racist if that is all she sees. ,offensive
9331,1,   bwahahahahaha....she is a liar. let her bring a case with the state of md then. i would love to see it and see her bankrupted by kavanaugh's attorney in a libel suit. ,offensive
9332,0,"  awesome! every antifa should go through this initiation""""face with stuck out tongue   winking eye"""" ",not-offensive
9333,0,  they will be cheating if she gets it! ,not-offensive
9334,0,  he is the best memelord that could exist ,not-offensive
9335,0,  superman  “this guy still giving you trouble?”  *uppercuts steppenwolf*  me  “there he is! superman!! it is him! finally!!”  news  “henry cavill is no longer superman”  me  “........why.......” ,not-offensive
9336,1, is not that just a nerd ,offensive
9337,0, when you coming to ohio? ,not-offensive
9338,0, then it is time to indict trump if you are pro law. ,not-offensive
9339,1,". live westminster"""" utter bulshit conservatives cear nothing of the people living in social housing just look  grenfell and it is tenants need say no more merits speak louder than words and tory words are empty promises!"""" ",offensive
9340,0,  why do all you liberals insist on trying to control everyone in america? why do you insist those of us that work hard for our money have to give it to people who do not? why do all you liberal millionaires keep your millions while forcing me to give away every dime i make? ,not-offensive
9341,0, thanks to all the bleeding heart liberals who would rather pay for illegal immigrants then people who are battling cancer. ,not-offensive
9342,1,meet walter  walter is most likely  maga.walter believes the lies he told daily about an imaginary  walkaway being talked about in no community of color because it is  fakenews.walter does not understand minorities penchant for remembering what you did to them..walter eats toenails ,offensive
9343,0, you still doing music? ,not-offensive
9344,1, bite your vicious tongue!! ,offensive
9345,0," you are my only friend"""" on twitter.  i joined this cia nsa front group to keep the lion meat fresh.  but there are alternatives that are not enmeshed in the anal cavity of the deep state. perhaps you might consider them.  i would switch in a ny heartbeat and close the account."""" ",not-offensive
9346,1, why does not he leave the country if he is so unhappy with america ,offensive
9347,0,  not sure about antifa  but  his notion of an open society was informed by his mentor karl popper  this motivates him to be anti border and anti nationalism  which is fine  he is allowed try shape the world his way  as long as his core philosophy is not incorrect  which it is ,not-offensive
9348,1, *click*  fuck you!! ,offensive
9349,0,  18 year old constitutional and now a ballistic expert with all the answers. google search trained   2ashallnotbeinfringed ,not-offensive
9350,0, anti abortion is not about the sanctity of life. its about the subjugation of women. if it was about life then the paradox you point out would not exist and gun control would be pursued. ,not-offensive
9351,0,       we the people demand an investigation of        keith ellison!!  maga ,not-offensive
9352,1,  you need to look at your twitter feed a little bit closer. I am neither a republican or a racist but that is the only thing that liberals can say about people who do not agree with them. as far as hillary clinton the evidence is already been presented but obama gave her a pass ,offensive
9353,0,looks like a big group!   way to lean into to  teamtrump   maga ,not-offensive
9354,1,really   maga  vote trump 2020 ,offensive
9355,0," he is waiting for the stone cutters to arrive.   excuse me mr. stonecutter,  do you think this is my best side?"""""""" ",not-offensive
9356,0,4 and a half up on the phillies! if you are a fan of any georgia sports you know that no lead is safe! ,not-offensive
9357,0,  i agree..but they are still conservatives at heart.  may hate 45* but still have their conservative ideals. ,not-offensive
9358,0, you are your daddy's first mistake. ,not-offensive
9359,0,80  of women use silence to express pain you know she is truly hurt when she chooses to ignore you ,not-offensive
9360,1, and with right wingers its about white supremacy and neo naziism ? right? ,offensive
9361,0, ever notice how the liberals kick the can down the road to when they will not be in power? where was this the last 4 years? ,not-offensive
9362,0, antifa i guess ,not-offensive
9363,0, i am not an anime fan by any means but i do like her. she is a cutie ,not-offensive
9364,0, he is so kidding! ,not-offensive
9365,0,  same with the conservatives ,not-offensive
9366,0,"    the only one suffering terrorist attacks is mussolini""""  even if that were true, the way that """"terrorist"""" is generally defined  as """"doing violence against power, outside of government realm""""   of course its true  its irrelevant, hitler by that analogy was not a criminal. antifa was"""" ",not-offensive
9367,1, orourke is just one more ignorant gun control freak........do not know what they are talking about!!!! ,offensive
9368,1, get back on your peanut farm old man ,offensive
9369,0, thank you sir i am a r.e developer in boston the market is on fire  god bless and we are all behind you  maga ,not-offensive
9370,1, you are full of s***. it is the liberals paid by soros who are doing those things ,offensive
9371,0, she is selling her pucker nationally ,not-offensive
9372,0, there is this specific person whose tweets r bugging me since morning ..rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joy solo fan i guess ..usko har cheez se problem hai aur use shayad aisa lagta hai jaise he she is the nly sensible one rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
9373,0, your titles scare me a little bit.     ,not-offensive
9374,0, i understand how regulations work. do you understand government can not control everything. do you understand most of those regulations stopped business growth. trump is not politically correct i get that. but he is doing what is right for america. ,not-offensive
9375,1, gun control nuts are not allowed to be protected by the very thing  they supposedly despise. she can use a knife.  disarmharrisnow ,offensive
9376,0,"  if not a terrorist organization"""", how exactly has antifa not been named a criminal organization?"""" ",not-offensive
9377,0,i think  knows what he is doing. it is a lose lose proposition no matter what he does.  kind of like being a referee at a dog fight.  I will reserve judgment until monday. i definitely see where you are coming from.   maga  kag2018  kavanaughconfirmation ,not-offensive
9378,0, you are supposed to heed all warnings. we were there in july   🤨🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
9379,0,      they could just be people on holiday.  ,not-offensive
9380,0,"  i would temporarily change parties if the republican party would primary agent orange"""" with a real, republican, conservative. that would maga!!! at least a great start."""" ",not-offensive
9381,1, I will bet you mock disabled people too.  funny how the maga crowd likes to pick on the weak and support the powerful. like bullies. wonder who your role model is? ,offensive
9382,0,  good grief. so this is how we calm antifa people?  throw chicken nuggets at them?  how ridiculous are they?  I would think it was funny if it was not rewarding bad behavior. ,not-offensive
9383,0,   it is interesting that you are more aware of the political system than  ,not-offensive
9384,0, sexy ,not-offensive
9385,0,     i have listened to her before an have come to a conclusion.......she is a twit....an ny times does not  get any of my money.... ,not-offensive
9386,1,  sorry to say but you are ignorant and should not tweet something without some research. some of the ones that were arrested were seniors. they are all people that care enough about what is happening to go out to have their voices heard. ,offensive
9387,1,  he also thinks it is a success doing nothing about gun control with kids being murdered in their schools by people who have no need to possess guns! ,offensive
9388,0, actually tyler had planned to cut angela after brett so she is just as clueless. this 'showmance' and her being hated changed his mind. ,not-offensive
9389,0, canpoli conservatives are excellent at running up debt and enriching their special interests. ,not-offensive
9390,0,  must be becos the site thinks teli is a real antifa grinning face teli is a weeb'tifa ,not-offensive
9391,0, aww she is so beautiful as always ,not-offensive
9392,0,  really should look at the google stock value over the past 5 years and then let us see tears. ,not-offensive
9393,0, but he is a hollywood elite! ,not-offensive
9394,1, jose ramirez because he is doing it all stealing hitting for average hitting homer's doubles and playing good defence and definitely blake snell for cy young just look at his numbers hes like the jacob degrom of the al ,offensive
9395,0," or she is saying you know i am the true anime waifu"""""""" ",not-offensive
9396,0, do not doubt a fat man ,not-offensive
9397,0,   what exactly do you call gun control? ,not-offensive
9398,0, do not worry hun i will be sharing this everyone needs to see this talent!! white flag️‍rainbowrevolving hearts ,not-offensive
9399,0, i seems hannity has been a client of the bunny bar  at the bunny ranch  for years  30+ . he  allegedly  recruits fox ‘talent’ and guest speakers from there. ,not-offensive
9400,0, the war on honest conservatives antifa ,not-offensive
9401,0,              following all patriots 🇺🇸  maga ,not-offensive
9402,0, i wish your commie ass would show up to an antifa rally. ,not-offensive
9403,0,"the washington post’s slander on hurricanes and climate change""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
9404,0, technique is keyraising handslight skin tone ,not-offensive
9405,0,"    families being separated at the border. in fact, the picture of children in cages that liberals were using to show how evil"""" trump is was actually taken while obama was president"""" ",not-offensive
9406,0,   drama queen  we r loving this booming economy more jobs!!! it is the economy and you are against us  you need to chill have a coke and a smile! ,not-offensive
9407,0,   there were “fine people on both sides” there were charlottesville historians looking to preserve the statues w of affiliation with the white supremacists. there were also honest protesters not associated with antifa who wanted to see the statues removed person facepalminglight skin tone‍male sign️good grief ,not-offensive
9408,0,  clearly this amazing little girl has the ability to put herself in other's shoes. she shows empathy which some children do more than others. she is able to distinguish right from wrong no matter who puts her to shame or tries to bully her to conform. she is a hero ,not-offensive
9409,0, do you have any film of antifa? ,not-offensive
9410,1,   explain to me where i said that was not true. i know what due process means. i know when anyone goes to court over a crime like that it affects their lives. he is not exempt from the process or ridicule ,offensive
9411,1,"  how am i villifying him? he literally did have a 2 hour rant about imaginary bolsheviks and how women should just stop complaining. if you think that is no true wrong"""", then well, i got news for you buddy  it means you are as shitty as he is."""" ",offensive
9412,0, malcolmx on liberals..............................wise man!  ,not-offensive
9413,0,aged dine to me!  maga  libs still spill out with vile breaths the total vote including all the illegal sorry jack  voters. the repeated areas where more people voted than are registered. po'd a friend with the red and blue map. and do not you live in fl still? how did that work? ,not-offensive
9414,0, willienelson laughs at  maga conservatives on  theview for suddenly being outraged by his support of  democrats    mog  maga ,not-offensive
9415,0, . me thinks you are terrified of americans seeing the declassified docs! we conservatives like transparency which seems to be a dirty word to you dems. ps we have no worries about our great president!   declassifyitall ,not-offensive
9416,1, i want to kiss your ass. ,offensive
9417,0, if there are any infractions due to pot the liberals should be sued. ,not-offensive
9418,0,   like my sweet baby boy who wants to be a girl? he she is going to become a strong proud black woman when he grows up! ,not-offensive
9419,1, francis must be forced aside. the church needs to be cleansed top to bottom. ,offensive
9420,1,  yes he is ,offensive
9421,0,"  lordy hope you are wrong because if bk gets in everything's toast  women's worker's voting gay rights the environment gun control everything trump will get a get out of jail free card treason perjury faithfully executing"""" cotus will be ok! i went thru this once with  nixon never again!"""" ",not-offensive
9422,1,  even kavanaugh said roe v wade is a settled law. she is spewing a narrative that does not exist. trump also said the same. ,offensive
9423,1,  and this explains why he is disrespected by idiots like urself and korzemba ,offensive
9424,0,and still i give it the old college try!  walkaway  communismkills  luciferiarising   maga  trump2020 ,not-offensive
9425,0, the liberals liberal right there. ,not-offensive
9426,1, your fucking bf nigga ,offensive
9427,1, madam will never respond. she is among those who see nothing good about pmb and his administration. it sucks. ,offensive
9428,1, swear niggas make me want to turn this phone off ,offensive
9429,1, bono is a fakir. always sticking his hand out for someone else’s buck. may it be his concerts. tax evasion. lecturing america on africa. never has he put his own money up. ,offensive
9430,0,     um it is right in front of your face. these big tech giants are censoring conservatives every single day. dems constantly calling for “sensible gun control” and sometimes outright the repeal of the 2nd amendment. conservative ideas are shut down on college campuses... ,not-offensive
9431,1, antifa needs a good ole boy ass beating... ,offensive
9432,0, you are so good at drawing ,not-offensive
9433,1,  wow! why are liberals heads exploding over the truth finally coming out! best news ever! americans finally get to find out the truth! the  and  under  was the most corrupt ever!  maga ,offensive
9434,1,  it is clear that trump is president and hillary still can not accept that. too bad 'ause he is there for 6 more years.  maga ,offensive
9435,1,  should have used a 44 magnum to make a real statement! and people like this teach our kids? ,offensive
9436,0,"  telling liberals, trump is your president""""."""" ",not-offensive
9437,1, i can not believe he did not work in comet pizza. now that alex jones is muted these conservatives are so lost. ,offensive
9438,0,  the fact he committed perjury in confirmation hearings should have got him booted out by now. unfortunately the gop seems to think it is ok to lie if you are on their team. ,not-offensive
9439,1, googlecide – death by do not be evil corp inspiring the internet bill of rights preventing leftist oligarchies from erasing people based on political beliefs transforming western civilization into a totalitarian state controlling nearly all aspects of life via the googlesplaining. ,offensive
9440,0, meanwhile media on antifa... ,not-offensive
9441,1, it seems that the more often these types of events occur the more the gun control and safety debate heats up. i believe eventually state legislatures will pass laws providing schools with better protection but it is sad that these events have to occur in order to push the agenda. ,offensive
9442,1, gorgeous! and those tits are killer! red heart️ ,offensive
9443,0, this is what desperate liberals look like.  spygate  obamagate ,not-offensive
9444,1, he is butt hurt just like hrc. ,offensive
9445,0,  because she is not a democrat ,not-offensive
9446,0, oh shit sjsnsn I have had work every day since i messaged you so sorry I will make it tuesday! ,not-offensive
9447,0,antifa supersized smiling face with horns ,not-offensive
9448,0, he should tell that to big bubba when he enters his prison cell ,not-offensive
9449,0,                                               killing the number is finishing your time... no parole... you are done ,not-offensive
9450,0,   i have to believe this is a code for signaling pedos and rapists world wide to do the antifa peaceful protest. ,not-offensive
9451,1,  you are in embarrassment to the republican party! glad you took the cowardly way out and quit! ,offensive
9452,0,  owl’s kid will be the commander of antifa one day. he she will not have time for college because they will be too busy fighting nazis on camera ,not-offensive
9453,1, it is been up since sunday night. he is a sloth. ,offensive
9454,0,  that is an antifa soy girl! ,not-offensive
9455,1, i do not know who these pos nazi liberals are and do not care to know.   everyone of the hollywood elite can and prob will go to he!!. ,offensive
9456,0, hope all them sandwich’s have cheese to go with their wine pig face maga ,not-offensive
9457,1,you can draw a straight line btwn ppl who think    is truthful msm lies  kavanaugh is treated unfairly  codywilson was set up zimmerman was right a wall is good refugees are terrorists  blacklivesmatter is racist reverse racism is real kap is disrespectful  maga ,offensive
9458,0, liberals hear the sucking sound of the swamp ,not-offensive
9459,0, wow you are so hot smiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyeskissing facekissing facekissing facekissing facekissing face ,not-offensive
9460,1, holy shit no way ,offensive
9461,1,   sanchez sucks. he is killing this team I am going to. ,offensive
9462,0,  how about stating the fact that the rate of black people being murdered by black people is much higher than being murdered by white people.  shine a light on that. save chicago. ,not-offensive
9463,0," yes, yes she is.  and he is fully aware.  I am fiiiiiine."""""""" ",not-offensive
9464,1, please draw stupid sexy nezha and nidus over the shoulder or something. ,offensive
9465,0, cnn is neither there to make money or tell the truth it solely exists to be a propaganda arm of the democratic party ,not-offensive
9466,1, by the way why do not you move to haiti ? you liberals seem to make shit holes out of large cities. so go somewhere where it is already a shit hole so you do not have to do any work ! ,offensive
9467,0, it just hit me the fact that bey is always on her private yacht whenever she is on vacay. sis will stay on the water where non of you all can bother herrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
9468,1,  anyone can say or write anything about themselves. suppose tomorrow she says that she is a prophet and human race needs to follow her.  what does that tell about her ?  once i see someone as useless moron i stop giving them any attention. you do the same brother. she is nobody. ,offensive
9469,0,  what was a “child “ doing at a party drinking alcohol??? ,not-offensive
9470,0, everyone is at home taking a knee to the nfl. ,not-offensive
9471,0,"** again. he is vocal about it because he believe that telling others one dream is very important.   once you express your dream to others, people will remember it and you can not escape it until you actaully can make it come true.  """" after regaining her confidence ..."""" ",not-offensive
9472,0,"  please tell bbc viewers that the  caused the biggest fall in the number of new affordable homes!  they are not going to solve a crisis"""" they caused!"""" ",not-offensive
9473,0, over the next decade ? can not she pretend the housing lobby is the dup    and give them a billion every year ?  conservatives ,not-offensive
9474,0,  6 weeks sorry she should have turned it into the fbi but she did not but you can not now go around saying this is not politically motivated and that they care about sexual abuse now but please go ahead believing the liberals and being just another mindless sheep ,not-offensive
9475,0, will conservatives ever stop catering to fringe groups and address issues the majority of canadians have to deal with. every white hunter could vote conservative twice and you would still loose! we need a real option to the liberals. ,not-offensive
9476,0, he wants in the white house! ,not-offensive
9477,0, you are so sweetheart with arrowi hope you feel better soon! ,not-offensive
9478,1,                                                  look at the pot calling the kettle black. liberals have been pulling all sorts of stunts trying  to get rid of your my our president ever since hillary hilariously lost the election. ,offensive
9479,0,    he is evading suspension ,not-offensive
9480,0, mediatoo   selective putrid outrage only at conservatives only by liberals who want us to know how moral they are!!! ,not-offensive
9481,0,  mbappe is bang average...would shit bricks in pl...glad for him he is in a league which is absolute joke ,not-offensive
9482,1, do you have any other recourse? this is so wrong on so many levels. can you sue them? i wish there was a way to reinforce your points on the mistreatment you have received. liberals are full of hate and discontent and unfortunately there are more of them than us. idiots. ,offensive
9483,0,  she is in our prayers. ,not-offensive
9484,0, good evening. can you tell us your location and which direction you are traveling so we may investigate?  z ,not-offensive
9485,1, he is a professional liar ,offensive
9486,1, you are cuter tha me shhhh ,offensive
9487,0," thyats what happens when conservatives"""" run the show. they are more interested in not requiring regulations that could prevent these things than in doing what is right for the community. short term profits are their be all and end all."""" ",not-offensive
9488,0,               the world knows that right wing extremists are responsible for more terror attacks that leave people actually dead in the us than all other groups combined.... statistical fact. will remind not 1 case of anyone dying because of antifa... your not on solid ground here.. ,not-offensive
9489,1, I will go pick you up fuck an uber ,offensive
9490,0,   you definitely made judgements about me and your tweets prove it. i made reasonable observations based on what you said about yourself. you disagree and that is fine. applying your own advice is something you should try.   makeamericagreatagain  americafirst  maga  usa🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
9491,0,  i mean he is worth it ,not-offensive
9492,0, she is a trained psychologist of course she can pass a lie detector test. ,not-offensive
9493,0,  it is never been about that!!everything about color 🤨if public safety was a concern there would be more gun control e.g assault rifles face without mouth ,not-offensive
9494,1,231 years later the liberals wants to do away with it. ,offensive
9495,0, m'eh.. i bet you are easily the prettiest thing there! winking facegrinning face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
9496,0,  yea he is. laughing out loud  sorry you  have to go through this ,not-offensive
9497,0, hogg is such a dolt! in a mass shooting it is rarely a long range shooting incident. it is usually close range inside a building of area that is a gun free zone. like shooting fish in a barrel. snipers are rare in mass shooting events. d.c. and vegas were exceptions. ,not-offensive
9498,0,  conservatives send two in opposition   taxpayer dollars  to one popular vote prime minister! ,not-offensive
9499,1,    index pointing up️what “trumptards” will be doing to dirty liberals in november.   i was patient at first but now it is clear the left has absolutely zero intention of playing by the rules. i hope president trump crushes your joke of a party under the fullest extent of the law. ,offensive
9500,1,   you are a fucking idiot ,offensive
9501,0,  fantastic match! ,not-offensive
9502,0,  democrats always give people reasons to vote. what other party cares more about minorities or women and children? what party is fighting for healthcare? which party is reasonable on gun control or immigration? ,not-offensive
9503,0,     no it is not.  too many people in and around government want to asset strip the nhs and sell it off to profiteers on an ideological whim. that they are doing this against the will of the british people smacks of arrogance and greed. ,not-offensive
9504,0," a friend of mine said that  touched him on his....well you know...he does not actually remember"""" the details....but it happened he said. she should be referred to the fbi....wait....they are as corrupt as she is."""" ",not-offensive
9505,0, thank you! folded handsred heart️🇺🇸 wishing you a wonderful  maga day! ,not-offensive
9506,1,  my stoned wheat crackers! where the hell did they put the stoned wheat crackers? ,offensive
9507,1,12 hotel guests killed in corpus christi with 9mm ruger p89. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,offensive
9508,1,  and you support the right using antifa tactics in other words the tactics of a domestic terrorist group. ,offensive
9509,0, qanon   maga  q drop 2236  ,not-offensive
9510,1,   you are flawed by looking at a large problem through a narrow lens. ,offensive
9511,0, america wins with president trump...  not google.   maga  americafirst ,not-offensive
9512,0, and ... what? ,not-offensive
9513,0,          face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy your hilarious. you spin my words just as they spin alex's words. i never said it did not happen. i said it was a false flag and they had actors help garner public sympathy for gun control. ,not-offensive
9514,0, conservatives are creepy cowards  ,not-offensive
9515,0,  how can that be? california has strict gun control laws. it is almost as if criminals do not care about laws ,not-offensive
9516,0,   if you think i was referring specifically to you then you misunderstood. you attacked someone without a uterus saying they have no say on reproductive rights. using that argument then if you do not own firearms you have no right to comment on gun control. ,not-offensive
9517,1,"another attempt of the dems to hide the truth of abuse against women  where is the me too"""" movement on this verified abuser of women   metoo are they just another extension of the soros groups like antifa kkkquestion markquestion markquestion markdouble exclamation mark️ ",offensive
9518,1, police your own first right?   you see it as unfortunate he is saying these things in public but others see it even more unfortunate that she says the things she says in public. she is an extremely public figure and he is using a similar platform. ,offensive
9519,0, junior was more accomplished and charming this week.senior admonishment by pc at conclusion was correct today. no need for people to be there beyond 1700.wheels of justice are grinding small.but typical w s distortion. they should have all just been allowed 1 bite at that cherry ,not-offensive
9520,1,   fuck you...  if she dare then why did not she choose any other granth ..haha .. m sure she is looking for some publicity.. bible or kuran . whatever her intention was but she done a drama . may be she want to start any business that requires public intention. ,offensive
9521,1, i call her the negative nellie who lives in my brain. i constantly battle with her. she is a creep. ,offensive
9522,0,    so let me get this right.  mogg is attacked and you are accusing him of profiting from it? ,not-offensive
9523,0,   you do not know squat about obama. second you say we are not safe because of obama? wrong! you think were safe to an individual who fights gun control? how many shootings have there been since trump got into office? explain that! ,not-offensive
9524,0,   just because it is not a sexy diagnosis does not mean it gets low quality care. you are making an incorrect assumption. ,not-offensive
9525,0,   feel free to start with antifa. winking face ,not-offensive
9526,1,  you are making crap up  no dem i know wants to abolish ice. we do not believe rich people should be the ones getting tax breaks. bankrupt medicare? total nonsense. you lie as much as trump ,offensive
9527,1,    you are so pathetic ,offensive
9528,1,   those are not conservatives those are whackos. the religious zealots that is not the republican party and we denounce them. do you denounce antifa? ,offensive
9529,0,                                       in exactly the way bird defends pedophelia... politicized science... antifa riots...  because they further the because... one man entity...totally in charge of the whole world  superstitious? ,not-offensive
9530,1, your husband is loosing it. he is fat and crooked and fake. throwing paper towels!!  he has lost his grip on reality. i do not know how you can help him. he needs lots of help. ,offensive
9531,0, your heart is beautiful your interior is wonderful. you are wonderfulred heart️red heart️red heart️red heart️🧡🧡purple heartpurple heartroseroseroseroserosecollisionsparklessparklessparkleswhite medium star️white medium star️ ,not-offensive
9532,1,  bloodsport who can forget the monologue by jackson describing this big monster. and to think he is in his 60's now ,offensive
9533,0, here she is ,not-offensive
9534,1,"judicial watch sues for records of fbi 302 interviews with demoted justice department official bruce ohr""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",offensive
9535,0,  because he is a liberal. ,not-offensive
9536,0,   i don‘t know why they can see she is lying they should leave him alone . they need to write an article now when they wanted to write 1 10 months ago . just so you know  you make no money with melissa . ,not-offensive
9537,1,  i think the pope and some others should be prosecuted for covering up and protecting child rapists! ,offensive
9538,0,    riots everywhere pouting facepouting facepouting facepouting faceoncoming fistoncoming fistoncoming fistoncoming fist ,not-offensive
9539,0, what is happening layne? you are losing your temper. is it because you feel you are trailing behind now? ,not-offensive
9540,0,20180917  don pittis cbc  is the people's party of canada liberal? it depends on the definition ,not-offensive
9541,0, rs  marsha blackburn and martha mcsally are going to be just fine in their senate races in arizona and tennessee.   do not believe the  fakenews supression polls!    maga  trump  redwave  midterms ,not-offensive
9542,0, peach is naturally human. toadette just created a drug to become human.  that and nintendo wanted peach playable and needed an excuse since in nsmbu she is kidnapped. ,not-offensive
9543,0,"                                                  laughing out loud  anglo saxons"""" most of you are a melting pot of ethnicities..."""" ",not-offensive
9544,0, willienelson laughs at conservatives on  theview for suddenly being outraged by his support of  democrats ,not-offensive
9545,0, maximebernier “racist party of  canada”   bernier  ppc .  news  politics  government  cdnpoli  polcan  pnpcbc  liberals  progressives  conservatives  ndp  cpc  lpc  gpc  altright  farright  populist  racist  racism  bigot  hw ,not-offensive
9546,0, yeah i bought sumn from them. tired of morphe face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
9547,1,  causality? is it   1. chicago lawmakers instituted strict  guncontrol because of high pre existing crime rate? 2. crime rate is high because strict gun control prevents law abiding citizens to be armed   so only scofflaws have guns? 3. no causality at all. statistics are  cohort ,offensive
9548,0, the fact she is going to vote yes on kavanaugh makes me think she knows how bribes work. ,not-offensive
9549,0,  i thought the krebs trials could not say one way or the other if this was effective. so as usual  giving more money to their friends ,not-offensive
9550,0,what a start to the week for our adults krav maga classes!! keep up the awesome work guys. it is a pleasure see old faces coming back to training and many of you utilising the new timetable oncoming fistlight skin toneoncoming fistlight skin tone  see you in class  the elite team ,not-offensive
9551,0, these you are too young responses are condescending af. personally i have no issue w wire coat hangers being used to protest b c god forbid women do not have access to safe abortion some may try any method to attempt a termination...esp teen girls ,not-offensive
9552,1, if your a democrat and you love this great country how can you standby and watch as the liberal arm of your democratic party tries to destroy everything we love about our country.  walkaway no actually  runaway.  libshateamerica  commiessuck  maga and  kag for everyone 🇺🇸 ,offensive
9553,0,  you are in your fabulous 40’s I would sayheart with ribbon ,not-offensive
9554,1,  liberals mock president trumps skin color and decapitated his likeness. they also threaten his family. even baron. ,offensive
9555,0,  liberals get the best of both worlds   a new slave class that will need their government programs and that will turn and vote for them.  most importantly they get to feel good about themselves ,not-offensive
9556,0, i feel like he is better chasing the title ,not-offensive
9557,1,  very disturbed by how this platform has become like a dictatorship from the soviet state. ,offensive
9558,0, if you seem like a nice person? maybe if people got to know you they could see that you are worth to be cared about? ,not-offensive
9559,0,americans are smarter than you think.   maga   votered2018  redwaverising2018  saveourcountry  votedemsout ,not-offensive
9560,1,  too bad antifa crashes gop townhalls. ,offensive
9561,0," the only line i can think of is if he supported gun control, and even then it would probably have to be a big gun control thing and not just a maybe do more background checks"""" proposal. but he would never do that."""" ",not-offensive
9562,0,  in poker i would definitely move all in on this woodward bluff.  when did bob become a shill.  hope the c i pays well bobby. ,not-offensive
9563,0, legit got the saying written down. but you are right. ,not-offensive
9564,0, but nice ,not-offensive
9565,0, totally agree with you with the double standard.  why is there always a sexist argument when it involves serena.she is not the shining light of the wta.  carlos was just doing his job.  serena smashed her racket and had three audible obscenities against ramos. shrug. ,not-offensive
9566,0,   i know liberals do not like to do research or like facts.  if you listened to anything over then cnn you would know this. ,not-offensive
9567,0,  he is part of the problem in the island...the incompetent on the governor and his work team on accepting and not having answers on every issued is our problem right know.  everything in this island right now is a political issued there are no priorities on human needs... face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
9568,0,     thanks dbc! love reading your books! I have heard that  51 is pretty epic too   looking forward to *finally* getting to read it soon!!! ,not-offensive
9569,0,5 26  you are my late night thoughts. ,not-offensive
9570,0,                      followed all those that i have not. please follow back. ,not-offensive
9571,0,  who is talking sense  or    I will follow the industry expert as should   listentoindustry ,not-offensive
9572,0, hey nut job. we are not a democracy. you actually awake in high school? ,not-offensive
9573,0, if he is lucky ,not-offensive
9574,0,"  overton window shifted a while ago. ap is leftist, wsj maybe centrist  and laughing out loud that cnn is not hyper partisan"""" but fox is? ok  have you denounced your extremists, antifa, keith ellison, linda sarsour, ocasio yet?  I have denounced ones on the right..."""" ",not-offensive
9575,0,       she is. i do not think politics is for her to dabble in. ,not-offensive
9576,1,  he is satan ,offensive
9577,0, but she did not resist she actually participate freely well maybe not free she did get paid ,not-offensive
9578,0, but it might win her another term by ca liberals. she will be 91 at the end of it. ,not-offensive
9579,1,  what is this shit right over here? i also showed to my polish friends and they are quite triggered ,offensive
9580,0, seems we can not even hold onto advancements in signage in re gun control. ,not-offensive
9581,0,  the only interaction of tory volunteers with fcp volunteers that i witnessed today was the one demanding that our float be moved to the back of the parade.  ableg  cdnpoli ,not-offensive
9582,0, he is still a baby ,not-offensive
9583,1, coming from the man that threatened to try and kick turmps ass now do not that take a set of ball's ,offensive
9584,0,   there were bad people on both sides.  or do you support antifa? ,not-offensive
9585,1, these people are absolutely insane! liberals have been attacking white men for years and it is getting worse. the path they are pushing for will create another civil war which there will not be a recovery and they are too damn stupid to see that. ,offensive
9586,0, nothing but an ad for gun control!  we going to keep our 2nd amendment rights fred! ,not-offensive
9587,1, of course she is making money on the situation she is a dem they have no values but greed and power ,offensive
9588,0, you are strong girl. do not listen to the trash talk. they do not know anything. you just go and tell the truth. that is all that matters. folded handswater wavefolded handswater wave ,not-offensive
9589,0,  very cool! she 110  deserves the recognition she is getting and more. very excited to see her take on a villainous role in her upcoming movie!  cin  days ,not-offensive
9590,0,  no one cares about her gold digging and possibly illegal recordings. ,not-offensive
9591,0,"22 years old and wandering the streets of new york city the big apple from hell and beyond"""" and still she is subject to the 'n' word and still other models call her 'n' person of the year and yet she cares but she is more afraid of """"you know who""""."""" ",not-offensive
9592,0, girl you are so beautiful weary facesmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
9593,0, laws not just for conservatives or an unpopular group with the media. women have long failed other women and the me too is no more sincere than the feminist movement was about bill clinton or ted kennedy. ,not-offensive
9594,1, at least we now know why she is called princess toadstool ,offensive
9595,0,   —jameis winston— he is no longer in college whereas jimbo fisher and his school protected this sexual predator...he needs to sit in prison...he is getting off easy because she did not filed sex charges against him... ,not-offensive
9596,1, pres trump has the right to release classified docs if it proves this investigation was biased before it began. its almost 2 yrs later and mueller has nothing on trump. damage of his presidency has occurred due to the liberals who are against him ,offensive
9597,0,  middle class voted and continue to support our  that you demoralize daily because we do not like direction our country has been heading. it continues when you take a blind eye to hate and violence spewed from antifa and  illegals who disregard our laws. ,not-offensive
9598,1,  some things never change! in 1991  scotus clarence thomas’s  hightechlynching by   and    maga fight back against these lies!  confirmkavanaugh       djt   kavanaugh  metoo  ,offensive
9599,0, the guy who does not watch wrestling will have no idea who he is. ,not-offensive
9600,0,. just picked up my  post on gun confiscation.  this is the history of gun control your high school and college history classes will never tell you about.   ,not-offensive
9601,0,  I have friended zerin on fb since before she left bangladesh.  she is a bright young lady. ,not-offensive
9602,0," she is like one of those bag ladies"""" you see on the street or a bus, mumbling, cursing out loud, talking to herself or anyone that will listen. please, go away! ",not-offensive
9603,0, maybe it is because you are special smiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
9604,0, 3  this appointment has been commonly know for 6 months minimum .but now when the left has nothing else to throw at him she suddenly speaks up.  4  this individual is a antifa supporting liberal collage professor . continued... ,not-offensive
9605,0,sean spicer and donald trump in happier times.   maga  theresistance  mondaymotivation ,not-offensive
9606,1, am i an ass or is it kind of weird char wore a shirt to wrestle the lesbian? I am joking....but not really ,offensive
9607,0,                                                  you have got to learn how to let go of the past you are living in a new millennium. ,not-offensive
9608,1, antifa simply wants us to kill them. by the way. most of us carry a back up. and a knife ,offensive
9609,0, yes he is and it is giving a good view ,not-offensive
9610,0,. used his  ldconf2018 speech to spell out the issues facing britain and how they can be overcome without resorting to the populism of  and the  the  are the only party who  demandbetter for britain ,not-offensive
9611,0, in 2010 the conservatives cut annual funding to build social housing by £2.5bn. today theresa may announced an extra £2bn to build social housing.... spread over the next 10 years! so by 2028 it will be a £33bn cut since 2010 instead of £35bn. i despair!! ,not-offensive
9612,1, why are you telling them to not do this? i encourage antifa shits to try this and get dropped. less of them the better. ,offensive
9613,1,"..understand that black lives matter, fight global warming, demand gun control, safeguard roe v. wade, and, of course, marshal their forces to throw the bum out."""" save our ss from being used as welfare for billionaires. have medicare that covers everything. no worries or fears."""" ",offensive
9614,0, and a new knife ,not-offensive
9615,0,"     antifa is always igniting fighting and violence with the right, therefore they are you! blm is mostly"""" peaceful? are you kidding me? do your research! geez ",not-offensive
9616,1, he also said he had a gatlin gun and niggas that sit on the corner like boxers between rounds ,offensive
9617,0,c1900 6vols tales from blackwood third series short stories maga magazine cowper ,not-offensive
9618,1," hahahahahaha......said the idiot  who handed over billions to the iranians in what was likely the worst deal in the history of us foreign policy.... you are the poster child for someone not qualified to do a job""""...."""" ",offensive
9619,0, stopthebias  against  conservative  republican  trump  freespeech supporters coming against  twitter ban. to slow down  liberals reporting us is to have a few million of us to report in big numbers to keep twitter so busy the the liberals complaining be losted in the traffic ,not-offensive
9620,0,our only option to                     save our country...            heart suit️🇺🇸white medium star️🇺🇸white medium star️🇺🇸heart suit️  is to never stop                      fighting for her...           heart suit️ vote maga red heart suit️ ,not-offensive
9621,0,  you are welcomeeee! i also love your other song! you deserve an island  d ,not-offensive
9622,0, I am responding with a fact. you are totally unfamiliar with how harper government incentives and it is laughable that you are saying that. you know what you can have your check mate. i give it to you. ,not-offensive
9623,0," probably worth noting that the vast majority of the privileged voters"""" she is so nauseated by are overwhelmingly seattle liberals...guess they just are not pure enough for some..."""" ",not-offensive
9624,0,  people like you are the greatest campaign tools conservatives have. thanks for your service to the  loonyleft! ,not-offensive
9625,0, hollywood is so out of touch. ,not-offensive
9626,0, the one thing mr morrison has achieved is to demonstrate how unsuitable he is to the role. ,not-offensive
9627,0,never. stop. winning.   qanon  maga  wwg1wga  winning         ,not-offensive
9628,0,  debate moving on to the streets is a side effect of media mps failing to address questions they need to answer and the violence frequently stems from the thuggish  antifa mobs who oppose these issues being aired. what are your answers to questions here? ,not-offensive
9629,0, well you are picking the wrong ones ,not-offensive
9630,0,remind me again why exactly there is a lingerie store next to a krav maga dojo ,not-offensive
9631,1,  for your encore say that every other western country that is all but eliminated mass shootings through effective gun control are lying too... it would be fitting ,offensive
9632,1,  this b**ch behar needs to shut that big ugly hole on her face and think about the fact she is not giving kavanaugh or his family the benefit of their rights as citizens. in her fat head they are guilty because they are conservatives. behar needs a muzzle around decent people. hrc clone. ,offensive
9633,0,       you will never get a straight answer from any gun control group on a question like that! ,not-offensive
9634,1, he looks like he is been sucking on a lemon before he goes into those hearings. ,offensive
9635,0, yea. he is not a fan. he will run the score up if he can ,not-offensive
9636,0,"  fair enough. save your breath for crying for help, when reality will hit you, as it always does to libertarians and conservatives""""."""" ",not-offensive
9637,1, i would be worse than her licking that ass ,offensive
9638,1,  he is been trashing all along even to our allies. ,offensive
9639,1, i experience this very same problem. i like to think i am suffering from anti pernickety bastard disorder. ,offensive
9640,1," paris terror attacks brought to you by eric holder on behalf of the obama administration. oh but gun control"""". ",offensive
9641,0,     what is the difference between these two extreme right wing conservatives? hint  only one of them is acting being a b'stard. ,not-offensive
9642,0, she is sexy as hell and tough toothumbs upthumbs upthumbs upthumbs up ,not-offensive
9643,0,19 tourists shot dead in nevada with 12 gauge sawed off savage stevens 311d. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,not-offensive
9644,0, just reading this gives me anxiety about having anxiety. but it really does suck and takes more than sheer will power to overcome. do not be afraid to seek help and ask your doctor if you need medication. there is no shame in it. ,not-offensive
9645,0, i have a friend who has been saying that for the past few years. you are setting yourself up for disappointment ,not-offensive
9646,0,    I am not saying he is racist.. I am saying he made a mistake. and she is only half japanese. her father is haitian so she is half   half if we being true! ,not-offensive
9647,0,  is checking their privilege!   rightsideofhistory  bigtech ,not-offensive
9648,0, god is so good! ,not-offensive
9649,0,   oh!!! she looks amazing thank you!! sparkling heart ,not-offensive
9650,0, god bless you sir ,not-offensive
9651,1,     you are all rapid dog's 🤪 ,offensive
9652,0," in trump world, your name is toby, a fine name, now say your name!!""""  that is what the  maga means to trumpers!! ",not-offensive
9653,0, google and twitter are monopolies. they need to be broken up by the government. ,not-offensive
9654,1,   and what does this have to do with a lying attorney and a 35 year old claim? i know it is hard for you liberals to look at two things at once ,offensive
9655,1, he is right though... you do have a whiff ,offensive
9656,0,  nigga thought it was gone a 44 point game??? funny to ya boy ,not-offensive
9657,1, i see boobs laughing out loud face with tears of joyface with stuck out tongue   winking eyeface blowing a kisssmiling face with halo ,offensive
9658,1,  there are many dumb arguments for gun control but this may be the dumbest and most common. ,offensive
9659,1," i do not think at your job is the place to protest perceived police violence or whatever you are protesting"""". if you really cared go to your local pd and protest there, taking a knee at a ballgame on your job does not take guts and only makes you look ignorant."""" ",offensive
9660,0,   you are not going to get it. grow up. ,not-offensive
9661,1, and who gives a shit ,offensive
9662,0,10 signs you are a sales zombie 🧟‍male sign️  marketing  sales  retail  style ,not-offensive
9663,1,after the twitter purge was over and black nba twitter changed their accounts back from maga white folk ,offensive
9664,0,  no one is talking about trump! what does this tweet have to do with him? you liberals are more obsessed with him than his own supporters. ,not-offensive
9665,1,  trump gifted the 1  with  goptaxscam the biggest wealth grab in modern history yet  trump supporter  dopes prefer to vote against their best interests so perhaps you cannot fix stupid!   maga🇺🇸 ,offensive
9666,0,"    antifa are the fascists.  but, since you have been indoctrinated, you probably do not even know what fascism actually is.  antifa are not fighting neo nazis"""".  they are fighting anyone who is not them, and they call them nazis just to justify their hate."""" ",not-offensive
9667,0, another terrorist attack not reported by msm ,not-offensive
9668,0, she is backon twitter ,not-offensive
9669,0, do you have yuzusft face mod? i want it but i can not dl  of ,not-offensive
9670,0,  and your fans keep going back and forth between “it is not in the report” to “the police or she is lying” ,not-offensive
9671,0, i do not think you know what you are advocating for. and you certainly do not know that saying what you said leads to a bunch of shit you probably would not like whether that is what you meant or not. ,not-offensive
9672,0,   funny thing about these meme maps. south carolina and cook county illinoise have very similar demographics and populations. cook county has more than twice as many murders as my home state with all that gun control. start comparing apples to apples... ,not-offensive
9673,1,  thank you random internet person.    next time i want shit from you I will squeeze your head. ,offensive
9674,1, fake news ,offensive
9675,0,"     christian conservatives do not have an orange god"""".  neither black, white, green, pink, or any other color.   his name is yahweh!!!"""" ",not-offensive
9676,0,  has always been regarded as uk’s worst ever pm    and that is by the conservatives. how he can still get his foot in the door in europe tells you everything you need to now about its bosses. ,not-offensive
9677,1,    liars like the antifa twins you vigorously defend? ,offensive
9678,1, it was a nail biter ,offensive
9679,0, a political novice has outshined all of you corrupt establishment politicians.  we voted for him because he can not be bought.  soros can afford it. ,not-offensive
9680,0," tories  labour  ge2017  conservatives conservatives will have a huge impact on building the affordable homes that thousands of people across the country desperately need.""""  left speech bubble️ david orr, chief executive of the national h… ",not-offensive
9681,0,"  because i knew it would flush out the one dutch antifa"""" on twitter. i was feeling lonely."""" ",not-offensive
9682,1, creepy ,offensive
9683,0, bono is a nono in my house. ,not-offensive
9684,1, democrats = thugs ,offensive
9685,1, grew up listening to k.i.d.s shit breaks my heart rip ,offensive
9686,1,   good for you.. he is bit miss guided for me to follow as the guy to me seems more like an idiot and a crock but if you think that he is perfect even though there is multiple investigations against him whom am i to disagree. I am still looking for a better role model for america see you ,offensive
9687,1,.   7 myths of democratic socialism debunked    maga  kag ,offensive
9688,1,  the problem is trump is playing the dems against the repubs and he is neither.  trump is an authoritarian.  to trump there is no leaning.  his goal is to conjure up hate.  he has been part of america’s under belly his whole life and brought it to the wh. ,offensive
9689,0,  it is troubling to me that the top 2 trump haters are diane feinstein and dick schumer. the jewish hatred for this country and conservatives and israel  is palpable. i am embarrassed by them. ,not-offensive
9690,0, people who fail to understand the second amendment's purpose is to protect a citizenry from a government takeover should not be talking about gun control ,not-offensive
9691,0," did you are aware about the awful management on the baja tri race"""" is happening?"""" ",not-offensive
9692,0, i would starfleet antifa was here to witness.  rip ,not-offensive
9693,0,           antifa is not anti facsicm.  just as jim jones was no preacher.  that is all I am saying. ,not-offensive
9694,0, so you are fascists *and* antifa? ,not-offensive
9695,1, maybe because you have provided a play form for hate groups with no criticism or criticism lite while bashing antifa with zero analysis ,offensive
9696,0, hey pauly .... when the rest of the countries catch up with usa's environmental policies .. let us know !! ,not-offensive
9697,0," the battle cry"""" by nova scotia girl🇨🇦  maga🇺🇸 and the world will follow!  wwg1wgaglobe showing Americasglobe showing Europe Africaglobe showing Asia Australia  redwave2018 person walking‍female sign️person walking‍male sign️ walkaway   trump2020 let freedom ring worldwide!!  qanon ",not-offensive
9698,0, he is I am so proud of him ,not-offensive
9699,0, happy birthday dad ily thanks for being the best man you can be and for caring for all of us. we love you and appreciate all that you are and all that you do koalabear face ,not-offensive
9700,0, so many things I have created but this right here might be my favorite loudly crying faceloudly crying facebroken heartbroken heart ,not-offensive
9701,1, liberal dictionary   illegal immigrants  dreamers  trump supporters  deplorable  ms 13 killers  human beings  human beings in the womb  not human beings  antifa  protestors  law abiding nra members  terrorists  bill clinton  feminist  brett kavanaugh  predator ,offensive
9702,0, guess she knows who you are too much like by not watching you person shrugging‍female sign️ go figure   have a great night brett! ,not-offensive
9703,0, i like the way she shows her emotions... she is really a queen of hearts....  ...love you ,not-offensive
9704,0,           nah they are liberals ,not-offensive
9705,0,  fake news. two came forward the rest did not want to get attacked by liberals. ,not-offensive
9706,1,   well if osuna did do that than he is the ass. not really sure why you went there. are you claiming i punch women? if you are sir you are the asshole and completely wrong. my tweet had nothing to do with osuna it was a clear fact that giles punches himself when he sucks. ,offensive
9707,0,  yes she is!!!!! ,not-offensive
9708,1, be quiet shedevil ,offensive
9709,0, lmaooo! he watches videos about different methods. whole time at the gym he is brushing his hair person facepalmingmedium skin tone‍female sign️ ,not-offensive
9710,0, somebody got to blow from here that be on that new wave for niggas to listen too ,not-offensive
9711,0, liberal dictionary    illegal immigrants  dreamers  trump supporters  deplorables  ms 13 killers  human beings  human beings in the womb  not human beings  antifa  protestors  law abiding nra membbbqers  terrorists  bill clinton  feminist  brett kavanaugh  predator ,not-offensive
9712,0, agree  transparency  releasethedocuments  maga ,not-offensive
9713,0,                                 he would laugh at the modern antifa ,not-offensive
9714,0, liberals have to sexualize everything. ,not-offensive
9715,0,  you are on the wrong side of gun control but then you already knew that. ,not-offensive
9716,0, you are awfully quiet.sleepy face ,not-offensive
9717,1, establishment turd pile of poo! conservatives have a much better memory than liberals!! we do not have eyes full of hypocrisy blinding us!! ,offensive
9718,1, this shit is staged. dude did not even hit him ,offensive
9719,1, this is a guy who weaponized the judicial system and irs to attack conservatives...this is a guy who could not grow the ec onomy over 2 percent...this is a guy who said.  get used to it...its the new norm  this guy is a moron ,offensive
9720,1, the cunt who is 1st eu is doing it ,offensive
9721,0,          says the person who refused the idea of having differant views on things? you really are a product of the us system. us antifa lite. is your world really that small? ,not-offensive
9722,1, too many corrupt evil beings hold govt positions amd or have too much clout w the corrupt and evil beings in gvt positions. and the majority all point to the left w a few fake conservatives in the mix. why else is hillary obama and their cronies still walking free? ,offensive
9723,0, eric pay your taxes and go straight to jail. ,not-offensive
9724,0, it would thank you more if you accepted sunblock when your wife offers it  p ,not-offensive
9725,0, he is like meuller hunted by a master sportsman   and the most powerful man in the world   barry armed trump unwittingly with lethal force   barry never thought killary would lose   ,not-offensive
9726,0,   and your entire argument ignores th fact that gun control affects law abiding citizens way more that it does criminals. you think they care about background checks? restrictions? etc? no. that is why we call them criminals. ,not-offensive
9727,0,5 things you are not doing but should be doing for your blog to succeed   did you think about  3? ,not-offensive
9728,0,undertaker taking maga a bit to seriously smh ,not-offensive
9729,0, she is absolutely adorable what a good mommy you take good care of her.revolving hearts ,not-offensive
9730,0, i can not wait to see his maga tat across his chest with a picture of mueller. ,not-offensive
9731,1, nah antifa are good to get killed ,offensive
9732,0,  yes! i got twitter account just to follow him     ,not-offensive
9733,0,     you guys  conservatives  are too nice. they would destroy you. ,not-offensive
9734,1, if jamie oliver fucks with my £3 meal deals at tesco I will kill the cunt ,offensive
9735,1,  it is easier for pod to believe both sides are terrible. then he does not have to honestly look at the conservatives. ,offensive
9736,0,"  i mean when you think about it that is basically all their ideology boils down to. conservatives are like let me do sex crimes on my wife"""" and libertarians are like """"let me do sex crimes on everyone"""""""" ",not-offensive
9737,0, she is 18 face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
9738,0,  he is too decent a man for this day and age. ,not-offensive
9739,1, it is so weirdly vicious and bitter to extrapolate from ‘everyone should have access to decent healthcare’ to ‘liberals think all criminals should be free.’  it reveals a pretty brutalist and impenetrable mind. ,offensive
9740,1, this guy wants to be a successful producer and he is tweeting stuff like this. ,offensive
9741,0,"    i also understand that it is not an insult but the way nguni languages are spoken, it can not be msuthu"""" but has to be """"umsuthu"""" which in english will loosely translate to """"s he  is mosotho"""" and in sesotho will be """"ke mosotho"""", can not be """"muntu"""" but """"umuntu"""""""" ",not-offensive
9742,0,  he is pitiful!  reason economy is soaring is that he is out of office and president trump is get rid of his pen and phone regulations!  his legacy is being shattered and he knows it.  his speeches are only about him.  democrats have no message smiling face with sunglasses vote republican in november!🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
9743,0, as long as they vote republican. ,not-offensive
9744,0,  you will want to be in my bunker one day and you are not invited. i am the anti antifa! ,not-offensive
9745,0, war on conservatism   antifa ,not-offensive
9746,1, bad behaviour like that is never acceptable. ,offensive
9747,0," report  to  be sure to check his lists"""" to see if your name is on it. he is compiled a target list for antifa....accompanied by a subscriber list. ....targeting trump supporters for antifa."""" ",not-offensive
9748,0, agreed. if she is telling the truth. and that is a mighty big if.  i was sexually assaulted over 35 years ago and remember everything about the incident. everything. ,not-offensive
9749,0, you are sharper in retirement. ,not-offensive
9750,1," nazisarebad their programs called for the nationalization of education, health care, transportation, and other major industries. they instituted and vigorously enforced a strict gun control regimen. they encouraged pornography, illegitimacy, and abortion,...""""  3 """" ",offensive
9751,0,"   i suppose if the anti trumps had accepted their loss with grace, did some soul searching and worked to draw voters, then the animosity would not exist. instead, pussy hats, antifa, trump supporters=nazis, the resistance,"""" impeachement...we acknowledge your animus and return it."""" ",not-offensive
9752,1, ooooo damn! looks like a rainbow! all pretty and shit! ,offensive
9753,0, hogg pile of poo ,not-offensive
9754,0, when will you and the rest of the  msm go after  keithellison and the reports of abuse about him?..seem like you guys have 2 standards when it come to covering harassment claims against liberals  ignore or downplay  then conservatives  24 7 coverage assuming guilt right away .. ,not-offensive
9755,0,                                         i notified twitter last night of my tweets not being seen and i can not see many of my follower’s tweets. also while  was testifying last week in the senate my qfd ban suddenly disappeared. minute my tweets steer towards politics nothing goes through! ,not-offensive
9756,0, you and me both!!  chatterbox ,not-offensive
9757,0, do not be that guy.  whoops.  too late.  you are that guy.  unfollowed... ,not-offensive
9758,1, kavanaughconfirmationhearings crazy dick durbin using the confirmation hearings to try and push gun control. he is using this hearing to make speeches and push an agenda. the whole thing has been a circus of democrats pushing an agenda while vowing to vote no on confirmation. ,offensive
9759,0,  congrats on your bravery ,not-offensive
9760,0,     the idea that capitalists like competition is a joke.  capitalists like nothing more than a government sanctioned monopoly on an essential public service  if they did not then they would spend less time lobbying the british government. ,not-offensive
9761,0, if you want more shooting just call g soros!  he is always happy to oblige with that! he pays antifa well ,not-offensive
9762,0, i bet.  why do think dirt bag pubs like the national inquirer are still around.  smut and lies sell   we can only hope someone writes a tell all bullshit story about woodward or better yet even one about you.  instead of fear” it could be called “pervs”. ,not-offensive
9763,1, treasonousgoverment california tries new tack on gun violence  bullet control ,offensive
9764,0,"    I am actually having some sympathy for chris' point here. it seems the line"""" has moved so far to the left that actual liberals have more in common with conservatives than what passes for the left these days.  because whatever the left is, it are not liberal """" ",not-offensive
9765,0,  man'snotbarryroux you are goggle due you dig information ga of flakeface with rolling eyesthinking facethinking faceface with rolling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
9766,0, liberals will liberal! ,not-offensive
9767,0,  trump trump trump maga! ,not-offensive
9768,0,  this has already been rejected as you well know. this is another time wasting exercise  ,not-offensive
9769,1, beto is a joke ,offensive
9770,1," anne coulter. oh, and jack abramoff. you kids were stupid enough to be courted by conservatives"""" when they showed up on you.s. campuses, back in '80.   so, there is two..."""" ",offensive
9771,0, why are they searching this mans home he is the one they shot?who cares if he had a little weed it is a red herring ,not-offensive
9772,1, may as well ignore her since all we are doing is giving her the attention she so craves.  she was such an adorable child..... but she never had a good enough body for nude love scenes so now she is searching for the attention she desires with bovine fecal posts. ,offensive
9773,1, no one attacked kavanope!! we are allowed to question  liars.  he is secretive and he lied under oath. what more do you need? ,offensive
9774,1, you are such a fucking pu  y little chinless donny. ,offensive
9775,0, romy omfg I am sooo glad i met you too bff for life ! you are the best i love talking to you ,not-offensive
9776,0," how antifa's extremism is facism in the making""""  now I am making the face in your avi"""" ",not-offensive
9777,0,  but gun control!!! ,not-offensive
9778,1, good!!! this will surely show us how croocked he is. face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
9779,0,  she is correct. corbyn and mcdonald would be just like the old glc under j mc. ,not-offensive
9780,0, it freaking sucks ,not-offensive
9781,0,august 2018 – read the best of new novel story pitches ,not-offensive
9782,1,   holy shit get a lawyer false advertisement colon in not a football player he is a vag head ,offensive
9783,0, that is new ,not-offensive
9784,1, yeah my exact thoughts here. real uphill climb tho to get people to stop saying dumb shit on the internet. ,offensive
9785,1, she is a liberal professor dog. always spewing her hatred against us conservatives. you are going to hell with the rest of the sleaze bags. ,offensive
9786,1," endorses felons"""" ah yes and who are felons most likely to be???? this shit reminds of when bernie said chicago was """"different"""" to vermont in regards to what gun control was needed."""" ",offensive
9787,1, you are a traitor ,offensive
9788,0, left!!! ,not-offensive
9789,0, fake news. ,not-offensive
9790,1,   i find it very offensive that you know what black people feel!! as a black not african because i was born in america want recognition then build your own stuff!!! it is the same with conservatives that cry about censorship  if you do not like the rules build your own house. ,offensive
9791,0,      wish guy opperman would knockmy door! 1950's 1960's in fact everyone lookout this 'guy' will tellu you hv to work till nearly 70 you do not  it is a lie  just did not ring fence our nic's for last 24yrs! £271bill! if today yp worked as long as 1950's they wld be 76spa! read  battlebus ,not-offensive
9792,0,      who is flake? if flake wants to be someone and heard stand for senate race! ,not-offensive
9793,0,              amy when iook at you  think child of god but also inspring young lady. you showed us that you can conquer  anything  and say i am stronger  than this. god is proud  of you and so am i. mr. heughan too. he said in an article what is the big fuss about himself you are the answer. ,not-offensive
9794,0, highly doubt that. even if they take back the house there are a great many dems that do not want her back as speaker. ,not-offensive
9795,0, it means he is still superman. ,not-offensive
9796,1, he is one sick dude ,offensive
9797,0,"      understood, sir! nation hunkered down in our commitment 2 help you  maga, in your god given stable genius words  till the bitter end""""... god speed tziyon, shalom! con musica, lucho, latin jazz vocalistandcomposer"""" ",not-offensive
9798,1,   farrakhan has refered to white people as blue eyed devils. will not even repeat what he has said about jews. he is anti semitic. ,offensive
9799,1,bert and ernie are puppets   dogs are not children   there are only two genders   and there will be two terms   maga  ,offensive
9800,0, said on  he does not think we should be selling ar15’s but liberals deny it and say he is pro gun! the ar15 is not an assault weapon it is a sporting rifle.  keeptexasred vote  ,not-offensive
9801,0,           he calls him “wil” because he knew him.  because he is old. ,not-offensive
9802,1,  corrupt rhino. glad he stepped down ,offensive
9803,1, no one is open! you think he is sitting there waiting to get hit lol. the pick that was called back kyle said the one of the receiver ran the wrong route again! a route that was need to pick matt open! person facepalmingmedium skin tone‍male sign️ 49ers need to get their head out of their asses ,offensive
9804,1, so we should believe this from 40 years ago when the man went to an all boys school. this was a way to try and stop the confirmation and blew up in  face. she is a corrupt pos!!! ,offensive
9805,1,  if they do not want to accept the results of the election they are welcome to leave the country.  it would make me so happy.  all their fear mongering with not interrupt us from enjoying the most widespread posterity in the nation’s history. ,offensive
9806,0,   so you are saying all people who were opposed to the democrats and antifa in charlotte were nazis? is that your claim? ,not-offensive
9807,1,   supporting an apartheid state which commits international war crimes. shame on you. ,offensive
9808,1, what the fuck happened ,offensive
9809,0, boi he is bts and so is all of the other members ,not-offensive
9810,1, desperation! abuse of my power because he is losing his mind ,offensive
9811,0,  you are so funny.  laughing out loud rolling about the floor laughing uncontrollably! ,not-offensive
9812,0, one of a kind she is ,not-offensive
9813,1, liar!  set up by far left.  liberals are so predictable!  americans are into these empty stupid tactics.  no one believes you!  it is a politically induced maneuver to attempt to delay the installation of a judge until after midterms.  it will not work.  no go write your book! ,offensive
9814,1,  i understand i sound cold but i love nintendo. this money grubbing bastards cat face with tears of joy ,offensive
9815,0, liberals do not live in the real world. ,not-offensive
9816,1,   i think i missed a few replies here  I am on a conference call  but most of the anti jihadi muslim vets i know would disagree with gun control. so this seems odd...? ,offensive
9817,0, he is showing way to others... he is a great leader who will be in front line for sacrifice face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
9818,1, he makes a good point. too bad that is a career death sentence these days. ,offensive
9819,0,   50 year mandatory federal sentence for any crime committed with a gun. stop the gun control nonsense and punish the guilty ! no politician today will support this !! gun control and safe zones do not work. pols do not want less crime only hot air !!   ,not-offensive
9820,0, indie   noun  a place where people as talented as you are working just as hard as you to get to the spot you are at.   opportunity does not knock for everybody. ,not-offensive
9821,0, let us get to the bottom of this! direct message me your zipcode and I will check it out.  we have your back and we will make sure you are enjoying the best that tv has to offer as soon as possible! *nevinbruce ,not-offensive
9822,0, hope you are ok my man. ,not-offensive
9823,0, wherever you are is the place i belongmilky wayblack heartblack heart.  ,not-offensive
9824,0,    sharethelove  you are my top influencers this week ,not-offensive
9825,1, andrea mitchell. another political hack embedded in the news media. listen to the tone of that interview.  she is looking for a gotcha moment instead of commending the guy for the work that he is doing. at every turn he shoots her down and it kills her. ,offensive
9826,1, paytoplay her gofundme is over  200k liberals are society’s bottom feeders.  freakyford ,offensive
9827,1, still spewing your lies.....you are not good enuf to lick our president's boot straps... what about the deaths in chicago...you r a liar and a manipulator...go vack to indonesia barry ,offensive
9828,0, same and he is mine too dhudbe! there is a reason he is my lock screen haha ,not-offensive
9829,0,  sorry to hear about the loss of your friend     ,not-offensive
9830,0,"  the racist excuse every time telling it like it is"""" """"against being pc"""" ",not-offensive
9831,0,"  attention.  is publicizing the names of trump supporters on his twitter account on lists"""". some names are high profile and some are just random trump supporters.  the list is a antifa target list. please help report him. twitter needs to suspend his account.,"""" ",not-offensive
9832,1, fuck the nfl ,offensive
9833,0, i am reallly pulling for dom smith to show the mets he belongs here but he always just looks like he is going through the motions.  the mets buried him it seems and I am wondering if its attitude that holds him back. ,not-offensive
9834,1, alternative  people died in pr because of a freakin hurricane you half wit ,offensive
9835,0, natalie  the youngest  gets her dreams of being a football coach ruined when she is constantly compared to her older brother chris who has made that his career. she invents mr doubtfire as chris’ long lost brother from scotland and wins the job and in life. the end. ,not-offensive
9836,0,get busy... rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing   maga  confirmkavanaugh   demsdesperate ,not-offensive
9837,0,now that is interesting!?!? 🧐   jfkjr     kennedy  qanon  maga  magical ,not-offensive
9838,1, lmfaooooo foh w that free thought shit lmaoooo ,offensive
9839,0, that said. you are right about those who do put themselves forward to read the job description. ,not-offensive
9840,0,  nutty fruitcakes!! ,not-offensive
9841,0,  he is so breathtakingly handsome man ,not-offensive
9842,0, ready for this red tsunami water wave ,not-offensive
9843,0,                                    nope. ,not-offensive
9844,1, the fuck! ,offensive
9845,0,"     gun control has nothing to do with taking away rights""""  as long as you agree to the stipulations you put in place."""" ",not-offensive
9846,0, the pyro from tf2?  0c ,not-offensive
9847,0, bullshit. ,not-offensive
9848,1, I am jealous ,offensive
9849,1, really? can you show me the studies from countries that have common sense gun control to support your statement. thx. ,offensive
9850,0,  sorry andrew but your policies will be too close to the liberals policies and you do not seem trustworthy. ,not-offensive
9851,0, saudi dispute with canada may lose business ,not-offensive
9852,0,  thank you first lady for your service to the usa and putting up with the vile liberal hoard everyday. you are a true patriot  maga ,not-offensive
9853,0,  the same thing happened when australia introduced gun control. just rename the unemployment line to gun deaths and remove the stock market line and you have got a graph that represents it. also change the before and after. ,not-offensive
9854,0,"            that is like arguing that soldiers who fought nazis in wwii were violently forcing their ideas onto others"""" when they shot nazis. no, they were not trying to change their minds with bullets, they were trying to stop them from forcing fascism on the world. same with antifa."""" ",not-offensive
9855,0, nope. i will not trade him he is to much fun. plus we can not spell hope without him ,not-offensive
9856,1, he should not have a job after this. but i guess he is the “lap” dog of some bigwig in broadcasting. ,offensive
9857,0, i definitely believe that she is credible compared to the man that lied under oath 4 times!! ,not-offensive
9858,1, they are still building and hiding nukes but yeah your pops got played like the udiot he is. ,offensive
9859,1,  the pope is complicit.   make no mistake.   anyone who harms a child . . . ,offensive
9860,1,"  i wonder if they will burn their levis since  has come out in favor of gun control? levi strauss teams up with gun control group  we cannot stand by silently"""" ",offensive
9861,0, lovely intelligent girl who knows what she is doing at such a young age ,not-offensive
9862,1, this  confirmation  is a done deal.  he said she said and she is a leftist antifa nobody. ,offensive
9863,0, face with tears of joy a what? you are better then a futanary work! you are real! ,not-offensive
9864,0,   i thought liberals were snowflakes ,not-offensive
9865,0, antifa task force? ,not-offensive
9866,0,   it is false. she is lying. check her source. ,not-offensive
9867,0, but mostly just antifa getting killed. ,not-offensive
9868,1, you are being unkind to the pin!!! ,offensive
9869,1, i can not even listen to any of these idiotic liberals. they all seem a brick short of a load. ,offensive
9870,0,  enioy!!! you are going to rock it jackie! ,not-offensive
9871,0, lol.. why do not they ever do it in the head to protest trump..  also are not these people all for gun control?  tweet tweet.  ,not-offensive
9872,1,  obviously they do not care who they ruin due to their attacks on conservatives.... the left is out of control and blind as a bat!!!!! ,offensive
9873,0,the maga 11's ,not-offensive
9874,0,"  that solidarity with israel"""" banner photo of """"antideutsch"""" infiltrators was originally used in an online mag bunker which has connections to fashy pro žižek types from the 8chan  leftypol  board. it is a go to image for the """"anti antifa"""" crowd. archived  ",not-offensive
9875,1,    okay that is enough with the a and c shit. they do not care and neither should we. ,offensive
9876,0,30+ years as a judge...6 extensive backgrounds...not a peep...link to trump...boom... do conservatives only rape liberals??? ,not-offensive
9877,0, charged for false charges?  why not? ,not-offensive
9878,1, she is dillusional! ,offensive
9879,1,  and people take pride in living in a place where survival is a moment to moment struggle a d everything is just shit. they feel tougher and stronger than people in successful pleasant educated clean areas not plagued by violence and death. I have been that guy. ,offensive
9880,1, total bullshit ,offensive
9881,0, actually  maga spends atleast  40 2 times a yr on  shoes ..libnuts just put the same pair in the dishwasher every 6 months. ,not-offensive
9882,0,  whoever put this together thank you !!!!  i loved watching and the little circle on 18 made it so much better.  you are really awesome jude thaddeus wolfe!  so fun to watch.  proud of you boochi! ,not-offensive
9883,1, so has the law changed...you just make an allegation now days and your guilty until proven innocent. liberals are mentally ill! ,offensive
9884,1, you are that mean ass cousin we all hate laughing out loud ,offensive
9885,0,   awwww babe i love you and thanks haha ,not-offensive
9886,1, oh this is going to get some antifa idiots shot so fast...  face with tears of joyface with tears of joy they do not even realize gun owners are usually really aware of what is going on around them. ,offensive
9887,0,"   of course. self defense. the well known standing someone else's ground"""" rule. she was the only one armed, the one entering his property, the one starting the interaction, how the actual fuck is it self defense? seriously dude, do not you have a cross to burn or something?"""" ",not-offensive
9888,0, the whole of the media in this country sets out to discredit tommy and you decide to write a criticism about him as well. pathetic. we know he has his faults no one is perfect but save your attacks for the likes of corbyn and antifa. if you do not like tommy stay away from him! ,not-offensive
9889,1, could you kiss his ass more? you are a complete disgrace as a senator  votehimout  voteblue  votethemout  blackmail ,offensive
9890,0,     it still will not protect you at intersections   in fact it makes it worse   you are hidden until it is too late. it  makes it much more difficult to make left turns or leave the lane for any reason... ,not-offensive
9891,1, fallon is a woosy ,offensive
9892,0, hello somebody need hyukjae now she is in danger by watching your fancams ,not-offensive
9893,0, diversity = success?  laugh my ass off ,not-offensive
9894,1, congratulations    for putting the nfl into the toilet. ,offensive
9895,0,  he is great. wish they moved him to 7 slot before tucker ,not-offensive
9896,0, god help us all!! ,not-offensive
9897,1, sexy ,offensive
9898,0,  after which she is thrown under the train... ,not-offensive
9899,0, you are a beautiful model and hws were jealous of that. i agree that kendall should stay how she is and not have all that phony plastic surgery like her sisters. i do not event recognize khloe anymore. kylie needs to stop w fillers. she is pretty on her own and not overdue it ,not-offensive
9900,0, he should worry about himself. the fast and furious scandal etc.. ,not-offensive
9901,0,  also tina   one for the old school liberals. ,not-offensive
9902,0, are you and your family okay? not sure how close you are to everything. ,not-offensive
9903,0,"1  hey  , i waited 6 weeks for my corporate refund. finally after calling 3 times and being on hold for over 2.5 hrs total, you return my call. and i find that there was a processing error"""" and you """"had no way to contact me"""" so you """"waited for me to contact you"""". are you"""" ",not-offensive
9904,0, “they have really had a big impact since i decided to put them on yesterday”  maga ,not-offensive
9905,0,  crying? face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
9906,0,  so... what did the big of accomplish on gun control in his 8 year disaster?? ,not-offensive
9907,0, my mom left me a whole big squash. any recipes you recommend i can do with a squash ??smiling face with open mouth   cold sweat ,not-offensive
9908,1,  oh fuck  ,offensive
9909,1, i mean if allsup was a communist or some antifa shithead people would be coming to her defence despite what a shit she is.   this political team sports is dumb. allsup is a dickweed. ,offensive
9910,0, eh he is decent i think laughing out loud i am playing barzal as my first line center over hi am though ,not-offensive
9911,0,  there is already more guns than pre 1996 gun control. free people should have the right to defend themselves and their families. the threat of lethal force is a  good deterrent to would be criminals ,not-offensive
9912,0, laughing out loud you are representing your case well face with stuck out tongue  I am going to give call to my lawyer matt murdock.  wait do not say he is not coming back .sleepy face ,not-offensive
9913,1, why do not you say he knew those emails were approved to be released.  he knew he could release them.  his grand standing got called out and his theatrics are unbecoming of a us senator.  call him out or you are fake news just like  calls you. ,offensive
9914,1," eric and hussein just need to stfu and go away. too many americans died as a result of their fast and furious"""" gun running scheme gone bad. eric even defied congressional subpoenas with hussein's backing. despicable."""" ",offensive
9915,0, no wonder liberals are so messed up! watching and supporting trash tv! ,not-offensive
9916,0, omfg yassssss! smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
9917,0," attention!  is publicizing a list of antifa targets comprised of trump supporters. some are high profile names, but many are everyday trump supporters. please report him to twitter. they still have not suspended his account. check out his lists""""."""" ",not-offensive
9918,0, students have voices melania? then why does your husband want to shut up students like  when he is trying to help our country with gun control! ,not-offensive
9919,1, omg not even interested in his age but damn he is fine as fuck face with stuck out tongue   winking eye ,offensive
9920,0,           he is one of  strongest supporter in washington. the primary is over the president and senator have put the past to rest. ask yourself are you supporting our potus by talking about fellow conservatives ,not-offensive
9921,0,                                                  did i? ,not-offensive
9922,0,"    remember the liberals"""" fought for our freedom the conservatives sided with the british.!!"""" ",not-offensive
9923,0,4. omg so many of you are funny...how can i choose? i have to mention   . she is one of the newest peeps I have had the pleasure to speak to on twitter lately. her tweets constantly make me laugh and makes my day better. ,not-offensive
9924,0," impulsive reaction.""""  she is not looking at the gun, and her head is bowed low, mane a mess.  """"what happens now?"""""""" ",not-offensive
9925,0, weird how antifa thugs attacking regular people  aka the far right  never gets reported. no wonder sky news’s ratings have plummeted by 37  since 2012. ,not-offensive
9926,0, thanks and you are a good looking young man and hopefully will find yourself a loving beautiful young man to love and love you. ,not-offensive
9927,1,  going to suck with all that gun control ,offensive
9928,1, let the leftist democrats riot in the streets with their antifa counterparts. ,offensive
9929,1, how fucking sad persevering face ,offensive
9930,0, you mean it does not last like this forever? he is playing for a contract... ,not-offensive
9931,0,  he has played 11 games in 5 years. when is time to realize he is a lost because. ,not-offensive
9932,0, is this you disavoving antifa?  are you going to start condemning the many death threats against our president?  will you come out and denounce the vile hate spewed at the president and other republicans? ,not-offensive
9933,1,  100 . the death threats thing is disgusting. the party of “family values” says antifa are so dangerous or any resistance group. has kavanaugh and family had death threats? inquiring minds want to know. ,offensive
9934,0,  illegal assembly   look it up. ,not-offensive
9935,1, theferalleft  liberals continue to  infiltrate  indoctrinate kid shows. do not hire these mentally ill  hemorrhoids ,offensive
9936,0, it should work just fine now! ,not-offensive
9937,0,   grinning face I am happy to say the same about conservatives. ,not-offensive
9938,1, his back hole will look like the holland tunnel we he gets to the male prison ,offensive
9939,0,  i head a little boy? ,not-offensive
9940,1, fake news or propaganda is the enemy of this country ,offensive
9941,1,  we all know that the left is going to believe all those lies demo liberals rats are there to destroy president trump thumbs downnov is going to be red thumbs up🇺🇸 ,offensive
9942,0, treph  i have my computer  treph  and  treph  no job.  treph    i  treph  you are carrying   treph  a computer  treph  no job ,not-offensive
9943,0, I have already listened to it like 5 times it is so fucking well made ,not-offensive
9944,1,  he is sick. very disturbed. and that comment proves it! ,offensive
9945,0, yes he is the man 18n18 ,not-offensive
9946,0,       love her she is beautiful revolving heartssparkling hearttwo heartspurple heartyellow heartbeating heart green heart ,not-offensive
9947,0,  liberals putting politics ahead of the economy? never ,not-offensive
9948,1, i think it is more of a choice for ppl to stay hooked on shit ,offensive
9949,1,   old pic. trump is not monitoring anything related to the hurricane.  pretty sure he is shitting his pants right about now ,offensive
9950,0,   simply cannot accept failure. former president harry truman he is not. trump will always look to blame others. ,not-offensive
9951,0, 5.7 million in taxpayer funds for study to justify sterilizing children who are gender confused via  sterilize liberals. ,not-offensive
9952,1, awesome win!! i truly believe americans are sick to death of what the left is trying to do to destroy america and change our country into what it never was intended to be. go vote america and maga! thank you president trump for believing in our country and keeping promises. ,offensive
9953,0,                  nicely said daniel !!! very true !!! ,not-offensive
9954,0,  that is just what satan would say if he were threatened. ,not-offensive
9955,0,voting is not optional!!! certainly not this novemeber…it is critical! like and share if you agree!  mustvote2018  republicans  wakeuprepublicans  conservatives  maga ,not-offensive
9956,0,  liberals be like ,not-offensive
9957,0,  love this! but also  my queen lex has been speaking out on important issues like gun control and lgbtq+ rights longgggg before feb 14th. red heart️ ,not-offensive
9958,1,   i know who she is but I have never seen her watch a benfica games this takes shit to a new level ,offensive
9959,0, you are truly a champion in every sense!! you win and lose with grace!  you too are a champion!! thanks for the terrific tournament!! ,not-offensive
9960,0, rose.. you are so good... id kill for you without hesitation i love you ,not-offensive
9961,1, fuck off ,offensive
9962,0, so much to unpack in this thread. bones...beau....sid looks so good.....fire whoever took the photos you deserve better...you are beautiful. ,not-offensive
9963,0, geeezz and  does not even air all that  or the doug show grimacing face ,not-offensive
9964,0,    and he is probably loaded face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy he done cod for 8 years face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy he had sponsors before that so it are not about money.. ,not-offensive
9965,1, wow it took 36 years? bet this would of never came up if he had not been choose for supreme court. shows the liberals for what they really are. in a way that is a good thinggrinning face with smiling eyes ,offensive
9966,1, can you share my twtich? trying to make that shit work out ,offensive
9967,0, why you ignore my best friend she all deserve your fucking follow she love you with all your heart she waiting for 8 years folded handslight skin tonefolded handslight skin tonefolded handslight skin tonefolded handslight skin tone  ,not-offensive
9968,0,   just goes to show you can be deluded and misled on several and subsequent occasions! I would ask dr lee for an urgent appointment on the grounds of the fact you keep getting these delusions! thinking facepouting face🇪🇺 ,not-offensive
9969,1,  ib you ass. watch how you speak on my nameface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
9970,1, pants drooping below the ass... ,offensive
9971,0,  she is not a mental health clinician of any kind much less a licensed psychologist.  fakepsychologist ,not-offensive
9972,0,   he is such a strokeface with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
9973,1,  is he?  does he know this?  you sure he is not out golfing??  or maybe tweeting like a lunatic.  i bet he is planning his next  magadingdong rally.  he was never president.  you are just to brainwashed to realize that. ,offensive
9974,1, you are a dirty cum dumpster ,offensive
9975,1," yes! the good old days when conservatives got pushed around and bullied by democrats who never gave an inch. the good old days when all conservatives could do was feign outrage and promise to go get them the next time. yeah, that is what we need. that is the healthy"""" libs love!"""" ",offensive
9976,0,  that is just modelling. plenty of women make shit tons of money just for looking good ,not-offensive
9977,1,"... a bunch of self aggrandizing liberals in fancy dresses mocking trump.” except for the fancy dresses, sounds a lot like the dems who are trying to lynch kavanaugh...  politics  metoowitchhunt ",offensive
9978,1, downwiththedemocrats!!!  democratshateamerica  democratsaredangerous  votedemsout  voteredtosaveamerica from the loco liberals and tds  let all true  conservatives and all who chose to  walkaway prove that  liberalismisamentaldisorder and needs to squashed like a bug!!!  votered2018 ,offensive
9979,1,"  yes, that is why you need to bring in gun control. even better.   you shoot yourself in the foot real well. I am going to harass a school shooting survivor"""" ass ."""" ",offensive
9980,0," just wondering whether we should have another election if the wrong"""" party get in because 36.9  of the electorate voted for the  conservatives? or when 35.2  voted labour in 2005  and won ?"""" ",not-offensive
9981,0, i never call you an american!  maga ,not-offensive
9982,0,stop sign ntknetwork news stop sign backhand index pointing right 'rnc has raised over  250 million for the 2018 midterms'  maga￼🇺🇸 2a  prolife ,not-offensive
9983,1, liberals are claustrophobic? grimacing face ,offensive
9984,0,       far right attacks and plots far outnumber antifa counterprotests and attacks. this is documented. ,not-offensive
9985,0,prepare for the midterms by reading creating the declaration of independence by  to understand what made america great in the first place  maga  kag       ,not-offensive
9986,1,   no he did not. he said I am sure there is fine people on both sides. do you disagree with that or are you one of those far left people who think all conservatives are racists. antifa is a terror group that uses violence against innocent people who think differently. ,offensive
9987,0,  a must read! ,not-offensive
9988,0," the victim"""" is demanding it to drag out a confirmation hearing she refuses to participate in. she comes from the violent liberal antifa party with there kkk hoods they  beat up total stranger and are funded by dems. the most violent party ever and they want us to believe they care."""" ",not-offensive
9989,0, can  join your ranks?  rimmy4antifa? ,not-offensive
9990,0,   ahh tom clapping handsclapping hands she is right though it is v good ,not-offensive
9991,0, that is all i ever ask for tho person shruggingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
9992,0, mru in the media | liberal mp crosses floor to join conservatives  via   cdnpoli ,not-offensive
9993,0,                     i follow all these maga patriots 🇺🇸red heart️got a few new ones red heart️🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
9994,0,1 like = 1 uwu for the troops! show your american flag and weeabo pride!  maga uwu ,not-offensive
9995,1, do you think that bothers the evil nazi democrats liberals they tried to rig a presidential election and framing kavanaugh is just another act of these evil nazi democrats  liberals politicians to destroy democracy and america !  walkaway   make america great!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ,offensive
9996,0,                      she is just here to observe. ,not-offensive
9997,1,65 women defend kavanaugh as 'a good person' amid allegations   ignore dianne feinstein. she is obsolete! you disgusting idiot piece of sh @ feinstein. he will rule supreme! ,offensive
9998,1,  liberals will melt face with tears of joy face with tears of joy face with tears of joy ,offensive
9999,0,"   right now is the most convenient time for a possible"""" wrinkle to thrown at conservatives. dems have whined and cried and stomp their feet and thrown tantrums until the rest of america that may have trusted them definitely do not now. they are lying snakes and they deserve nothing."""" ",not-offensive
10000,1, fuck you!! if you do not start working an a man of steel sequel soon the whole dceu will irreversibly go to shit ,offensive
10001,0,           it was surprising how fast reagan passed gun control in cali when the black panthers armed themselves. ,not-offensive
10002,0, bull...she is probably in debt and soros is paying her...you are never afraid if this happened...give us a break.. ,not-offensive
10003,0, funny.  she had no problem sleeping her way into congress. ,not-offensive
10004,0,   amen !!! ,not-offensive
10005,0,  you are funny face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
10006,0, who are “they” gun control has been tried and is a proven failure. this is why people do not vote democrat. they refuse to admit reality. gun control does not work. ,not-offensive
10007,0, you are one of the best teachers i know my friend! ,not-offensive
10008,0,  i hope so  conservatives must go vote. ,not-offensive
10009,0, florida what did we do??? this only adds to the concerns that gun rights activists have with ron desantis.  he voted in favor of adding the feinstein backed “fix nics” gun control expansion to the omnibus spending bill in congress... ,not-offensive
10010,0,   we are in this mess because people are stupid and lazy that is why the conservatives are in and she is screwing us over ,not-offensive
10011,0, jiyoonfact she is the father of the group. ,not-offensive
10012,0, your right. 2nd amendment allows liberals to have guns as well.  🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷 ,not-offensive
10013,0,  he said both sides had good people on them. why is it bad to say that not everyone who went there were white suprematists and not all the people there were antifa? that nuance. ,not-offensive
10014,0,   you are not a poet. do not ask how i knoweth. ,not-offensive
10015,0, boner has not lived in real world for 40 years. ,not-offensive
10016,1, she is so dumb and clueless! pushing a pipe dream. what fools they are that put her in office. sad!  foxnews  socialismsucks ,offensive
10017,0, democrats gave birth to antifa and blm. ,not-offensive
10018,1,"  the term negative knowledge"""" strikes me, when knowledge is sucked away and information goes into reverse    away from the recipient."""" ",offensive
10019,0,1 year today our founder sadly passed away. mandy devoted her life to saving animals across the uk. we all hope she is looking down on us with a smile knowing we are continuing the work she started 20+ years ago. forever in our thoughts mandy leigh from all the staff and trustees ,not-offensive
10020,1, you at the prospects game?  fatbastard ,offensive
10021,0,   i would love to be able to afford a sexy french au pair . poor me . ,not-offensive
10022,0,   thanks for proving democrats can not let their people think. proving again liberals are all talk. just like senator feinstein pelosi. they always go to no facts just destroy. just like the politicians of puerto rico have destroyed and rob the state of all of its financial resources ,not-offensive
10023,0, will not be legalized federally since it can be used as back door gun control. ,not-offensive
10024,1, at this point in time... i do not think pres. trump gives a sh*t... and neither do i! laughing out loud ,offensive
10025,0, it just means you are one step closer to getting rust in there    ,not-offensive
10026,0, lmfao!!!!!!!!!!!!! antifa cry babies. give them their pacifiers back. ,not-offensive
10027,0,  do any dems libs have a real job?? they sure have a lot of free time!! ,not-offensive
10028,1, wapo what an idiot comment you are a disgrace to journalism very sad ,offensive
10029,0," abortion has always been available to those with the money to take care of the problem."""" a matter of conscience only seems to matter when convenient for  gotourpiece party  a conscience clearly absent when it comes to gun control."""" ",not-offensive
10030,0, she is such a beautiful soul. my heart aches for the loss of her babies  but am so happy for her and her rainbow baby. red heart️ ,not-offensive
10031,0,                       thanks in advance for the follow back ,not-offensive
10032,0,      this is why we follow each other  such peace in my twitter avenue is amazing ,not-offensive
10033,0, self defense is justified but that is not what antifa does is it!!! ,not-offensive
10034,1,  you are delusional if you think he is the reason either game was lost in the past two seasons laugh my ass off ,offensive
10035,0,   obama took away the constitution from us and that is a fact..sanctuary states takes away our guarantied protection from invasion...obamas blm and antifa that takes away our guarantied protection from domestic violence by the way all gun control laws come from article 4 sec 4 ,not-offensive
10036,0, brandmatters  teams up with  guncontrol group  ‘we simply cannot stand by silently’ ,not-offensive
10037,0, anti kavanaugh groups already spinning that he is guilty before any disclosures and due process. aggressive tactics!  let us see the all the spin from both left and right! ,not-offensive
10038,0,     not good   is this what your followers wanted?    ,not-offensive
10039,0,fighting the lies with one letter.   q  qanon  qarmy  maga  wethepeople  followthewhiterabbit  wwg1wga  spygate  redwaverising  enoughisenough  walkaway  propaganda ,not-offensive
10040,0,    antifa  had their sites on collins for awhile.    toosoon ,not-offensive
10041,0,"     also.  these antifa"""" and from hence shall be referred to as anqueefa by mesel.  they pretty much all live with mommy.  in the basement which is why they wear masks.  then mommy can not ground them"""" ",not-offensive
10042,1, fuck you are killing me lately face with tears of joy ,offensive
10043,1, and this butt fur thinks he is a know it all ,offensive
10044,0,  it is god not god ,not-offensive
10045,0, i just have to assume you are the mastermind? ,not-offensive
10046,0,live now!!!   daddy dragon  dragon facefiredragon on     theconstitutionisthesolution  wwg1wga bell   maga frog face🇺🇸eagle  mega frog face🇬🇧eagle  daddy dragon black mirror   followthewhiterabbit rabbit  q  qanon rabbit ,not-offensive
10047,0,       this is why i have so little time for liberals and democrats. rather than allow democratic process they will deliberately attempt to subvert it to get what they want. why should anyone believe the claims against kavanaugh in the face of this. ,not-offensive
10048,1, I will lock yo sorry ass down hugging face ,offensive
10049,0,  she is frightening! ,not-offensive
10050,0, .... what is so hard about doing that? conservatives have un remembered thousands of descriptions of things they have read in their cherry picker bible. ,not-offensive
10051,0,  not all of us conservatives are that gullible.   manny has some good points now and then... but when he starts spewing us propaganda .. it sickens me.  he asked for the term and i gave one... he will have no rebuttal.  you watch. ,not-offensive
10052,0,"   not progressive at all article ii, section 1 of the constitution 1790 says he is a citizen and 44 years as a resident of texas says he can say you all"""""""" ",not-offensive
10053,0, they really do not care who he is. only that he will act as a judicial alt right operative on the supreme court. ,not-offensive
10054,0,afd * like a boss * afd ordner reagiert cool * antifa * niedersachsen shakin that ,not-offensive
10055,0,"  her loss had nothing to do with race or with her being a woman. she is probably the greatest woman tennis player of all time. she has also, always been a temperamental, pampered multi millionaire, and a sore loser. serena, you have a great life. please stop bullying people."""""""" ",not-offensive
10056,0,   protecckaiser he is a fucking sweetheart and deserves the world godamn it ,not-offensive
10057,0, that  only report the conservatives in a positive way ,not-offensive
10058,0,   i read  your bio and now i feel like you owe me at least  20 for putting me through that. ,not-offensive
10059,0, i just binged watch seasons 1 3 in 2 days! i need more flushed face if you have not seen this show you are missing out. it is fantastic!!   cowboywayal  faithcattleco  godfirst  loveurfamily  bubba  cody  booger blue heartblue heartblue heart ,not-offensive
10060,1, he too is afraid his backstabbing deeds will be discovered and made public undermining the entire farce of the obama administration ,offensive
10061,0,  she is gorgeous. ,not-offensive
10062,1, and then wana talk shit when you play something they do not know but the song be fire and end up blowing up then later becomes they song person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️ ,offensive
10063,0,. laughs at conservatives on the view for suddenly being outraged by his support of democrats    come on guys   clearly they were not that good of fans if they did not know who he was.   ,not-offensive
10064,0,                      i follow all these maga patriots n got a couple new ones too🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸red heart️🇺🇸🇺🇸red heart️ps tweeeeeetrrrr i do not like you hiding these n making it hard to see these trains to follw pouting facepouting facepouting faceoncoming fistlight skin toneoncoming fistlight skin toneoncoming fistlight skin tone ,not-offensive
10065,1,  and do not forget  supplymanagement! he has been stubbornly clinging to that that tax. it also distorts all of international trade deals. just makes life less affordable for the average working family. only the liberals... ,offensive
10066,0,followed all not previously followed.   maga  kag  walkaway  trumptrain  nodaca  iwantthewall ,not-offensive
10067,0,  doomsday for nfl ,not-offensive
10068,1, i thought it would be worse. i thought they would be shooting liberals in the streets by now. ,offensive
10069,0, goodell I am done with you and those adult brats in the nfl. I would rather do yard work ,not-offensive
10070,0,  can not argue there. ,not-offensive
10071,0,  does that mean she had his permission to sit on a panel denigrating the president of the country you are negotiating with? ,not-offensive
10072,0, he stolded my diners ,not-offensive
10073,0, this is the guy who put us on the original 100 antifa in c'ville and signed it 'you are welcome' ,not-offensive
10074,0,  as per my friends that were correctional officers in corcoran state prison..yes he is. ,not-offensive
10075,0,   liberals media will not report it ,not-offensive
10076,0, she is fine! she starts out like that and then gets up and gets right in derwin’s face about it. both dogs are walked 3 4 times per day. she is not suffering. she is just spoiled! ,not-offensive
10077,0, can you address the lost offering issue please. you are the community manager. please tell us what is up for those who did not get the offering due to full consumables ,not-offensive
10078,0,  i was too busy kneeling to watch ,not-offensive
10079,0, because he is the reason for it. ,not-offensive
10080,0,  ouch. ,not-offensive
10081,1,   could be either. liberals like this have no shame and will do “anything”  i suspect it is the latter. ,offensive
10082,1,",...criminal complicity in all of this mess!     last night, mr. gregg jarrett appeared on hannity""""!,...he is always incredible, and he made another great point when he reminded all of us that """"starting an illegitimate investigation is a crime""""!      truth is coming out mueller!"""" ",offensive
10083,0,"  agree 100  jay no wonder fbi back burnered it english appears to be second language high school @ below average use. also brought attention to being a citizen? thinking face contradicted information  throughout high school"""" and """"the attack"""" it can not be both. ford=university=soros=antifa=bull"""" ",not-offensive
10084,0, was there any specific comment that brought up this point recently? and yes you are speakin da troof ,not-offensive
10085,0, hahahaha...another  maga!   making attorneys get attorneys.............guess he does not believe his own innocence.... postponethevote ,not-offensive
10086,1, i do not need a female packing a weapon for my protection. not my kind of girl. if you need that much protection you are in the wrong place. ,offensive
10087,1,   he. is. a. sociopath. ,offensive
10088,1,  hysterical liberals following don jr. no facts just liberal mouthpieces. ,offensive
10089,1,  of course he is! the corrupt democrate party is at stake!  maga   wwg1wga ,offensive
10090,1,snowflake    whine whine whine  maga  baby ,offensive
10091,0, this is nothing more than an opportunity for the liberals to crate more false headlines while cherry picking statements and distorting their meaning. this is just a stall tactic and a deflection from reality. ,not-offensive
10092,1, how paranoid has one person to be to think that fucking yale is a kind of antifa hq ,offensive
10093,0, nigga bouta go direct traffic w style ,not-offensive
10094,0,  i am talking about brett. he is the one that is in trouble if he does not win and make a big move ,not-offensive
10095,0, he must not have gotten the email from feinstein face with stuck out tongue   winking eye ,not-offensive
10096,1,    I am not sad. I am fucking angry...    angry that the gop is embracing fascism. my grandfather was antifa from 1942 1945. I am following in his footsteps.  his friends did not die in vain for nothing. ,offensive
10097,1,even if the  sexualmisconduct is by  gay 45 yr old  gop  men   they would call it youthful indescretion and get a  mulligan from  hypocritical  evangelicals and maga *sshats. ,offensive
10098,0, a candidate for governor that is friends with an individual that supports antifa?  trump  maga  syria  israel  alternativefacts  walkaway  walkawayfromdemocrats  liberalismisamentaldisease  news  kavanaugh  sugardaddyneeded for democratic socialists=taxpayers working families ,not-offensive
10099,0, iconic. ,not-offensive
10100,1, funny that even the woman that brought roe vs. wade to the  scotus regretted it later. it was one thing to have a medical emergency that required an abortion  though rare  and another to have liberals celebrating killing their unborn children and pretending it is health care. ,offensive
10101,1,   you bring up a great point. these morons really look at life like it is the movies. they do it in the gun control debate all the time. they seriously think that a shootout with a bad guy will never hurt bystanders. it is why they want to arm teachers. idiots! ,offensive
10102,0,  *rich liberals* ,not-offensive
10103,1, david stop it with your logical connections.... true journalists like you are not in vogue.. ,offensive
10104,0,      ..and no   if the polygrapher is a good  and he is  it is very easy to tell the difference between a nervous response and a deceptive one. ,not-offensive
10105,1," and until you gain a greater understanding of that hatred, and how your blanket endorsement just by putting  maga and expressing your ignorance to platform by putting anti openborders"""" in your bio, you are going to get hatred in return."""" ",offensive
10106,0,  so and accusation by a libtarded trump hating liberal activist against a trump appointee does not make you wonder if the accusation was politically motivated in the slightest?  no? this is why conservatives think you are all stupid. because you are. ,not-offensive
10107,0, not once did the left ask for gun control after scalise was shot. not once!    voteredtosaveamerica ,not-offensive
10108,0,.... and liberals do ... yea whatever! ,not-offensive
10109,0,so one of trump's border control agents is a serial killer?  maga  ,not-offensive
10110,1, she do not never have on pants and she is forever throwing up the people’s eyebrow with her pinched nose ass.... ,offensive
10111,1,"dear liberal  fakenewsmedia this gesture you call a white power"""" gesture is actually what we normal people call the """"ok"""" gesture.  i realize this is not as fun as your make believe """"white power"""" name but yeah. that is what it means.  ok ? ok!  walkaway  maga ",offensive
10112,1,                                                  or there is a completely reasonable explanation why our own f gov’t lied to its peeps about a plane hitting the pentagon which is clearly a missile......... backhand index pointing downmedium light skin tonebackhand index pointing downmedium light skin tonebackhand index pointing downmedium light skin tonebackhand index pointing downmedium light skin tonebackhand index pointing downmedium light skin tonebackhand index pointing downmedium light skin tonebackhand index pointing downmedium light skin tonebackhand index pointing downmedium light skin tonebackhand index pointing downmedium light skin tone ,offensive
10113,0,standing trump strong.  maga ,not-offensive
10114,1, conservatives keep telling us how a few million immigrants are ruining the economy. how would multiplying those numbers several times help that? ,offensive
10115,0,"  how is not going low"""" been working for conservatives?"""" ",not-offensive
10116,0, the liberal msm are the stalkers along with antifa.    voteredtosaveamerica ,not-offensive
10117,0,  i remember you. my sister told me what you did to her. you are lucky she did not call the police. ,not-offensive
10118,1, fake news. . ,offensive
10119,0,  stands with pedophiles not the soul that stands with the people that were harmed for life. how can he say he is a man of god?glad 1 day he will be held accountable. he needs to be removed. i will never enter a catholic church again until church swamp cleaned. ,not-offensive
10120,0, i totally disagree with this. i can never tell which way he is leaning on an issue. he gives the news and asks the questions. nothing against chris wallace or shep. ,not-offensive
10121,0, i stand with you dog🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸maga ,not-offensive
10122,1,  you are part of the problem. you are the racist.  want to address this ?    ,offensive
10123,0,  they forget about antifa and all threats to conservatives when it is convenient! ,not-offensive
10124,0,   or maybe they want to appear unbias so they can continue to give cover to their antifa buddies when they cover them. ,not-offensive
10125,0,yes!  where we go one we go all flexed bicepslight skin tone flexed bicepslight skin toneflexed bicepslight skin tone  wwg1wga  thegreatawakening  maga  godblessamerica  godblesshumanity ,not-offensive
10126,0,locomotive  maga  patriot  qanon  walkaway  wwg1wga  godsarmy  thegreatawakening  jesuslives 🇺🇸    catchtheredwave  votered me too! all aboard the  trumptrain ,not-offensive
10127,0," both the liberals and conservatives have failed the people, proportional representation would fix this. harper's failures are still fresh in my mind, now trudeau's broken promises, i have to vote for anything but"""", again."""" ",not-offensive
10128,0, so is it time for each of us to tell about wild times we had in high school and college???  liberals are such jackasses.  let he who is perfect cast the first stone....will never be a liberal ,not-offensive
10129,0,                 so does antifa go to church? ,not-offensive
10130,1, there must be a cash prize or something for whoever comes up with the first “conservatives pounce” take. ,offensive
10131,1, she is an monster! ,offensive
10132,0, neither does antifa ,not-offensive
10133,0,never give in  never give up the fight  maga ,not-offensive
10134,1, sounds like you are a fascist. ,offensive
10135,1,  no no that is  shaq silver back looking ass face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
10136,1, skullyo ass probably playing it on super easy too smh go home ,offensive
10137,0,     dad's army ,not-offensive
10138,1,  and the nra supported gun control when it was targeting the black panthers who were defending black neighbourhoods against police brutality. ,offensive
10139,1,"     you are so full of shit. a.   violent crime is down and has been on the decline for decades b.  where gun crime is a problem, it is a state and local problem and no so called common sense"""" gun control law passed at the federal level will fix it. you are clueless about this problem."""" ",offensive
10140,0,  you absolutely can enforce them consistently. stop and frisk is not a law based on definable characteristics. that is the issue. gun control laws are not subjective like stop and frisk. ,not-offensive
10141,1, someone please call for gun control because the bengals can not stop shooting them selfies in the foot ,offensive
10142,1, and shit like this is why no real research gets done on us. ,offensive
10143,0, no fucking way he said this! ,not-offensive
10144,0,  it was fun hope i get to see another one of  your sets soon!!!! ,not-offensive
10145,1,     i did not admit anything! read my tweet again please! english is my 3rd language but i am rather good at it! antifa are the nazis! they can name them self the messiah they would still be thugs fighting against freedom and free speach! by the way free speach is not hate speach. man up! ,offensive
10146,0,                                                  got you joseph always happy to follow like minded patriots grinning facebut pls follow back! ,not-offensive
10147,1, he is more qualified than all of you obama folks put together! ,offensive
10148,0, she is a beautiful person to teach values to her kids. teaching them they are royalty but keep to keep it from going to their heads. stay real red heart️ ,not-offensive
10149,0,  gold coins  she is cute. “diamond blue palm trees” the visionary she is. probably fave production so far. a fave. gold coins everywheh. ,not-offensive
10150,1,    everyone has a life story   that is no excuse for being aggressive. if anyone is to blame it is the producer for inviting kw onto the show. she is clearly not well and should not have been put in a position where that could happen. her management should not have allowed it either! ,offensive
10151,0,    she is not in this photo. it has not been verified that they knew each other. this story is about the weirdest I have ever heard and the texas rangers better do right by bo. ,not-offensive
10152,0, rape culture  prominent conservatives rush to the defense of brett kavanaugh in wake of sexual assault allegation  ,not-offensive
10153,0,we need more unity to grow our voices.........libs seem to band together much better than right........follow all  maga patriots please!!!  🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
10154,0,we do not need more elitist in government  trump  maga  ,not-offensive
10155,0, better think back! ,not-offensive
10156,0," same paint ball range they used for the antifa vs proudboy"""" match last year"""" ",not-offensive
10157,0,  good luck lad ,not-offensive
10158,0, you are lying. stick with the facts. we pay more than that now. ,not-offensive
10159,1, now that is the pot calling the kettle black! liberals are nothing but bullies! antifa bullies!!! trump haters bullies!!! ,offensive
10160,0, hi has me energized.    he is such an idiot!  i can not believe he “surfaced” again. ,not-offensive
10161,0,  she is the most clueless defense minister ever only rivaled by anthony ,not-offensive
10162,1,  liberals want bert and ernie to be gay.  wtaf. ,offensive
10163,1,  hunnid stax my shit ,offensive
10164,0, you are my best player ever ,not-offensive
10165,1,   why? because you are too busy spreading hate with your tds? I am sure you feel fine ridiculing children of conservatives. you represent everything that is wrong in the education  brainwashing  system. ,offensive
10166,0,  he is!  lock him up!  lock him up!     ,not-offensive
10167,0, you know dan i used to think you were a pretty competent newsman now i can clearly see you are nothing more then a paid who are who sells himself and his once stellar reputation. trying to be relevant again ? ,not-offensive
10168,1,    brilliant bigotry.. ,offensive
10169,0, liberals complaining workers are too well paid? seriously? who is running the envy card now? ,not-offensive
10170,0,             yeah most antifa are americans and still they advocate for an ideology that will destroy our great country. that makes them traitors and should be treated as such. ,not-offensive
10171,0, varda is my fav valar. she is badass i bet melkor agrees with me also xd ,not-offensive
10172,1, meanwhile... greatest economy ever. more jobs for blacks and hispanics in history. 401k is kicking ass. ms13 and illegals are being deported daily. nk is back to the table for denuclearizing. trump is draining the corruption of doj and fbi.  outfrickingstanding!   maga2020 ,offensive
10173,1,  fuck you cunt.  try this on for size. ,offensive
10174,0, charge!!!! people know how good you are at makeup by pictures! you can not keep doing that you will be skint! ,not-offensive
10175,0,  you are not fooling anyone with what you say. if it was the snp doing this you would be screaming blue murder. mind you until you do the job you are meant to do. you and your fellow workers will be looked on as being part of the establishment. bought and sold. ,not-offensive
10176,0,  and ban him from the booty ,not-offensive
10177,0, by wagging her finger at authority figures? hmmm. ..no. serena is the definition of a bully. her frequent on court tantrums are why she is being screened for steroid use more than other players. she appears to have roid rage. ,not-offensive
10178,0, but could not take care of racism that was created during his presidency...  never heard the words equality come out of his mouth.   we are a melting pot!!! ,not-offensive
10179,0, is my guy! he is my god son ,not-offensive
10180,0,win a 15 shot rotary polish flare launcher   rga 86  maga  molonlabe  nra  2a  firearms ,not-offensive
10181,0, we need you to do the next superhero game ...down arrow️ ,not-offensive
10182,1, I am sorry dana that you have to hear from such sick mental patient liberals! they are so pathetic! i support you 100 percent ,offensive
10183,0, or a connection or motive between the two because it was not a random shooting. ,not-offensive
10184,0, is unstoppable! this qb can not be this good can he? have to feel for  he needs to transfer. can not help but have a funny feeling he is going to save bama at some point this year. never know.   ,not-offensive
10185,1,baaaaa baaaaa...that is the american sheeple who prove roger goodell right  the  nfl can do whatever it wants and you will take it because you will never give up the nfl. baaaaa baaaaa.    qanon  maga  wwg1wga  freealexjones ,offensive
10186,1, what happens next is whoever inthe gop votes against him gets destroyed and we vote more republicans to the senate to ensure margin of victory for amy coney barrett liberals worst nightmare. ,offensive
10187,0, catfight!!!   meow ,not-offensive
10188,1,"a pittsburgh  antifa cell that is conducting weapons training to fight racists in the streets"""" openly embraces mass murder. the """"mlm"""" in that graffiti stands for marxist leninist maoist. mao's communist regime killed 45 million people in the venetian ballroom, at capacity. 🇺🇸"""" ",offensive
10189,1, what are you doing joe? i swear it seems like he is doing this shit intentionally to show us fans up or put us in the hospital for heart attacks.  everybodyin  ,offensive
10190,0,  time to kick may out and take on brexit as it should of been done 2 years ago.  conservatives  maymustgo ,not-offensive
10191,1,   most mass shooters are liberal white men. we should have liberal control not gun control. ,offensive
10192,1,  ramos sounds like a shitty ump ,offensive
10193,1,  resign!!! you are an idiot!!! person facepalming‍male sign️ ,offensive
10194,1, a bunch of overpaid liberals whining about how horrible everything is. they should get together with nfl players and try getting a real job. zero interest in them giving their friends pointless awards. ,offensive
10195,0,  i do not think moral psychology can fix the core problem. and using the david brooks model to pander to the right will not fool them for long. i think the right embracing fascism to survive is a very real possibility ,not-offensive
10196,0,  big wanda fucked with the wrong one face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
10197,1,  you know what was not in his apartment after? him. and that is the fucking problem. ,offensive
10198,0, i did not think about violence towards antifa when i was a kid. boy how times change. ,not-offensive
10199,0,     most modern conservatives are not very bright. a lot of our founding fathers were slave owners who wanted to end slavery in the us. their principles were far more nuanced and granular than modern conservative principles  shallow principles cannot withstand the test of time. ,not-offensive
10200,0, you are so smart! rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
10201,0, that she is holding a benz car key key ,not-offensive
10202,0, yeah dangerous to question a scattered 35 year old account pushed on the eve of a nomination with the liberals saying they will stop at nothing to derail judge kavanagh or any of trumps picks? delete your account... ,not-offensive
10203,0, maybe while he is on the dl someone can show how to wear his hat ,not-offensive
10204,0, this is disgusting that this is happening.  strictest gun control laws   not working.  maybe legally allow people to arm themselves for protection   lighten up those tough gun rules that are not working. too many lives are lost in chicago. ,not-offensive
10205,0, and i suggest using a grand jury to remove holder and all the other vermin associated with the obozo administration including obozo himself!  mr. sessions...do your job! ,not-offensive
10206,0,  okay blane. now get back to your basement and keep making antifa dresses. ,not-offensive
10207,0,  laughing out loud why would conservatives want to hide that?  it contradicts everything ford has claimed. person shruggingmedium light skin tone‍male sign️ ,not-offensive
10208,0,   exactly she is so incredibly talked and I am so excited to see her on my tv weekly. blue heartblue heart. she is brilliant. ,not-offensive
10209,0, you are joking! loudly crying face ,not-offensive
10210,0, she can never said no to prove to her fans and gram she is working hard. ,not-offensive
10211,0, you are lovesmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
10212,1, ok give it up you low life conservatives move on you got one year til election for canadians to show you that we do not want racist running r country so grow up and let us talk about how you do not like anybody who do not look like you ,offensive
10213,0,  but will she stand up and do the right thing...she is a rino. ,not-offensive
10214,1, georgia university...your racism and utter lack of tolerance is showing. higher education is apparently not your goal. ,offensive
10215,0, loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face i want him loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face thank god i am in the hospital to get revived. ,not-offensive
10216,0, bitter barack. that says it all ,not-offensive
10217,0,  it is a unique situation because apparently they knew each other very well. supposedly dated. we will see when more details emerge. ,not-offensive
10218,0, the owner is a elderly lady who could not leave the trailer because it was underwater and she is in oxygen tanks ,not-offensive
10219,0, williams showed that she is a bad sport. male   female no matter. bad sport and rude to the young woman who won. ,not-offensive
10220,0,  what did she do? the conservatives are no different ,not-offensive
10221,0,      so she is desecrating graves with the best intentions no wonder jeremy wants her speaking. he wants jewish membership to know exactly what he thinks of them.  i reiterate an absolute shit of a human being no offence to ewa. ,not-offensive
10222,0, lake show fuck corey harris ,not-offensive
10223,1, by making conservatives so sick we can not make it to the polling place! ,offensive
10224,1, it is just people who say they hate identity politics while going on about the left hates them for being black conservatives ,offensive
10225,0, hate speech.  maga drain the swamp ,not-offensive
10226,0," my sister by far. she is the kindest, sweetest person alive. use to be my grandma but she passed in may. that woman was a saint. even had a song written about her, my mom's a saint"""". written by her children of course. ",not-offensive
10227,1,     bitch.. ,offensive
10228,1, bad ass bitch* ,offensive
10229,0," thanks. so the large corporates are going to have to take it on the nose""""?  reason for asking is that they   1   employ a few people in uk, who might not want to see their emplyers leave, and 2   represent part of many peoples pensions   ",not-offensive
10230,0,time to visit banbury team!  ,not-offensive
10231,1,   reckon he is upset about wacky wednesdays because the boys told him it was absolutely going to be a mad monday this time? ,offensive
10232,0, double down on rating. bet ncaa loves this. ,not-offensive
10233,1,         the majority of those are suicides.  you can not provide evidence that gun control reduces homicides. ,offensive
10234,0,  pretty much how the majority sees it! ,not-offensive
10235,1, that is shitty ,offensive
10236,0,  they are not    buildthewall  lockthemup  drainthedeepstate  nflwalkaway and  maga ,not-offensive
10237,0," we as conservatives must join the fight against transphobia""""  national review, 2020"""" ",not-offensive
10238,0,..oath must be subpoenaed to testify. there is a lifetime appointment at stake here. please do it right this time and do not allow  orrin hatch who has already made up his mind she is lying be allowed to question her. his kind of questions could invite a lawsuit. ,not-offensive
10239,1, she is.   your screwed.  trump owns scotus and he will exact a wrath upon enemies after the midterms ,offensive
10240,0, well i figure he kind of blew his wad over the weekend regarding his command of flo. because he was acting like he was running the whole show..barking orders..parting the waters and on and on.oh what a mighty man he is musical notes  notballoon ,not-offensive
10241,0,   the left are the ones spending all our money. it was not the right that gave us 325 billion in debt that was the left. remember when the liberals screamed to high heavens when harris taklked about privitizing hydro one? the liberals did it. ,not-offensive
10242,0,  so  you seem to have forgotten some facts. mayor’s “we are dying” speech with 100s of pallets of supplies behinder her. warehouse of supplies found rotting. runway with pallets of water never distributed. mayor getting indicted. ,not-offensive
10243,1,  take a joke lefties. her behavior was disgusting. so it is drawn. ,offensive
10244,0,  i appreciate the self promotion  tweet. great advertising and i love what  does for the  community and helps to  maga the  fargolowes has a great group of people.  thanks  hurricaneflorence  business  hurricaneseason  tuesdaythoughts  technology  investments ,not-offensive
10245,0, gun control now!  beto for massachussetts senator! ,not-offensive
10246,0,1. my love   2. . . . okai . . there you are   ,not-offensive
10247,1,         i like that they are not mincing around with her. i do not understand why she is denying doing porn. ,offensive
10248,0, yes you are but i was asking what is it about the movie ?person shrugging‍male sign️eyes ,not-offensive
10249,0,. oldest son of president ronald reagan—lays out the case for why 'conservatives should back  netneutrality' no wonder why over 80  of democratic and republican voters oppose the fcc's repeal! call congress today  ,not-offensive
10250,0,                                                  followed all! please follow back!  maga  kag  redwaverising  confirmkavanaugh  walkaway  follo4follo  trumptrain ,not-offensive
10251,0, most likely gang related violence with a illegal gun in the most strict gun control cities . ,not-offensive
10252,1,   a useful idiot. no longer need him. their to busy to be bothered with gun control now. busy trying figure out how to sway an election in their favor. not gunna happen face with tears of joy🇺🇸flexed biceps ,offensive
10253,1, this is a premeditated attack by democratic liberals and she is being rehearsed. enough of the scam show. vote kavanaugh to sc. ,offensive
10254,0, wow. wonder what he is doing? ,not-offensive
10255,0,  that is a simplistic comparison. population density and poverty levels are big contributors. you need a massive cultural shift and constitutional amendments for gun control to be effective like in other countries.  in the mean time people will keep dying. ,not-offensive
10256,0," jacob stand there in his own  garden and saw him he blushed hard amd trys to look away.  oh holy god ..."""" he wisperd  """"he is so sexy and good looking ..."""""""" ",not-offensive
10257,0, liberals wear pu  y hats for a reason. face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
10258,1, yyyy fuck no bitch we decided we both was gone steepppp ,offensive
10259,0, her products because dandruff? kc you are the oneface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
10260,0, just sick of everything being politicized and everything being presented as right wrong good evil. used to be liberals and conservatives were viewed as generally good people with different approaches to achieving the same goal. now it is 100  us and them. ,not-offensive
10261,1, irish bad bitch ,offensive
10262,0, you are a great fillin for  ,not-offensive
10263,0,         markjudge  we see you are trying to judge moore  kavanaugh and it will not work. your spartacus moment is over!   maga  kag  americafirst  trump  foxreport ,not-offensive
10264,0, this is incredible.  she is being demeaned because she stood up for herself? i hope she knows she has many who support her and stand with her.  she is an example for other women. ,not-offensive
10265,1," the perpetrator is responsible for his own actions but you are ignoring that maxine waters and others are inciting violence.  do consider she said that they should not be able to eat, shop or do anything in peace""""... how would one survive without being able to trade?"""" ",offensive
10266,0,   real stuff like killing the aca and preserving gun control. smarter than most but not the answer. ,not-offensive
10267,1,  zero evidence lmaooooooo i love seeing liberals squirm at shit like this face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
10268,0, she is my friend ,not-offensive
10269,1, she do not even wear the shit i buy her now. move away from me. ,offensive
10270,0, cnn can do better.  they can get down to 60  disapproval in no time. ,not-offensive
10271,1, not even close to what happened she is a liar and deflecting how idiotic her actions on the court looked ,offensive
10272,0, presidentmaduro feasts with  saltbae as  venezuelans flee  starvation!  i give you... your  socialist heaven...!  bbc  sky  lbc    labour  labourparty  jeremycorbyn    usa  venezuela ,not-offensive
10273,0,                                                 bill clinton 90s gun control law which banned assault weapons was effective public safety policy which the nra worked to undo it during the bush years. clintons are profiles in courage to take on gop and beat the nra. weak nra bernie voted 5x for nra. ,not-offensive
10274,1, bill you should be silent on gun control and immigrantion.   you had 8 years and did nothing. do not be a monday morning quarterback now. to little to late. ,offensive
10275,1, psychotic liberals fake media and rinos are walking on thin ice when they forget that real americans ...the ones who put trump in the white house will never allow them to take him out of the white house. btw..thanks for this  kavanaugh b.s. insures we will vote!! we are sick of dc! ,offensive
10276,0, there is a point where even liberals must question motives ,not-offensive
10277,0,hey  great to see your tax cuts and wider fiscal policies doing so well!   winning  maga ,not-offensive
10278,0,  yes he is but that has little to do with beating the giants from the te position ,not-offensive
10279,0, spanishrevenge vs.  justice  humanrights and  freedomofexpression  spain is a   fakedemocracy                 cddr  shameonspain  wakeupeurope  ,not-offensive
10280,1,  i hate 7 year old faggot logan fans like you ,offensive
10281,0, god speed bandit ,not-offensive
10282,0, you do remember 2 weeks ago the coach for the maryland terps football squad......... I am sure his parents thought the same thing coach was a capricorn you dick head....... you are in competent stephen a smith ,not-offensive
10283,0,". today i can announce that new longer term partnerships will be opened up to the most ambitious housing associations through a ground breaking £2 billion initiative...the first time any government has offered housing associations such long term certainty""""  🏘🏘🏘🏘 ",not-offensive
10284,1,20 crazy things liberals blame trump for via   unhinged blame everything on our president. ,offensive
10285,0, people who floor cross are opportunistic a holes that deserve all the backlash they are getting.  she should have sat as an independent then joined the conservatives and ran for her spot against other conservative candidates.  just think how you would feel if you won that role. ,not-offensive
10286,1, trumpwashing and us liberals' historical amnesia are the real definition of trump derangement syndrome... ,offensive
10287,0, i look forward to seeing your antifa hoodie ,not-offensive
10288,0,     yes included. smoothing reserve put in place as conservatives knew next year and year after toughest in five year cycle. predictions are proving to be correct. ,not-offensive
10289,0,  let us gooo!!! shittin on nubes ,not-offensive
10290,0,   no proof. nor does the complaint ever intend to get us some. you have a woman who been an democratic activist supporting in donations. also in her time wearing her pink hats in wash in 2016. as well as helping antifa. who high school year book has been scrubbed off the internet ,not-offensive
10291,0, gosh dangit!!!    if we only had reasonable replica gun control this craziness would not happen!!   winking face ,not-offensive
10292,1,  and i can show you plenty of lefties like antifa getting pummeled like the weak punks they are laughing out loud ,offensive
10293,1,   hah! the fucking chats!?! ‘onya boys! ,offensive
10294,0, *fingers crossed* she is enjoying school but going...konjam sad and little tears.  no tanrums though... ,not-offensive
10295,0, god help us all ,not-offensive
10296,0, hopefully he is gone soon. we have glorious beings for you to meet. ,not-offensive
10297,1, crazy how funny jim used to be. now it is funny how crazy he has become. ,offensive
10298,0,a country in which we are happy to hunt constitutional presidents in the desert because the chancellor is referring to her truth about  antifa videos.   merkelkratie  maassen  merkel  seehofer ,not-offensive
10299,0, ask him what he is protesting.  certain it will be a convoluted answer. ,not-offensive
10300,0, not saying much to claim you are smarter than  ,not-offensive
10301,0,  or perhaps it is because he is gone eyes ,not-offensive
10302,0, he is on borrowed time. ,not-offensive
10303,1,                     but there is also many videos of antifa attacking disabled and old people if you want to see them victors   spoiler on disabled attack three on one antifa to disabled vet  ,offensive
10304,0, get another disgrace. ,not-offensive
10305,1,     amazing how they can consistently manage to piss off both progressives and conservatives by being so arrogantly misguided  often in same segments. ,offensive
10306,0,"   does not alternative fact"""" = falsehood?   maga          how do """"alt"""" gov accounts exist?  how many accounts?  illegal?   subverting will of the people? who runs? who pays? where from? ip address tracking?"""" ",not-offensive
10307,0, sod the eu.  tell them you are gone by monday and enjoy the panic that follows. ,not-offensive
10308,1, need more ladies to spread out their pussy's  on cam smiling face with heart eyes ,offensive
10309,1,"      36 years ago i was sexually assaulted by a supreme court nominee, but i would like to remain anonymous so that i do not have to answer questions. this is basically a smear campaign because i am a democrat and do not want conservatives with a majority on scotus."""""""" ",offensive
10310,0,"anti trump activists want dc trump hotel’s liquor license revoked""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
10311,1, start by not tweeting pussy ass shit ,offensive
10312,1,   eric opens the door and runs to the couch.  fuck yeah. ,offensive
10313,1, funny shit ,offensive
10314,0, I am sorry ... what?! i be in my bag listening to that . and after dark ,not-offensive
10315,0,  yes we did ,not-offensive
10316,1, lindasarsour is  fakefeminist she is pushing  sharialaw and  antisemetic and  liberals are buying it she was born in brooklyn to  palestinian parent's whom are  antisemetic and  antiamerican proves that leopard can not change it is spots.   pcliberal  wakeup ,offensive
10317,1," give me a fucking mic"""""""" ",offensive
10318,0, evil ,not-offensive
10319,0, horseshit ,not-offensive
10320,1, he is talking as though pres. trump if failing at every turn. actuality is totally opposite. get a grip you fool! ,offensive
10321,0, but i do not think all of us are depressed. i think on social media it is all perfect and shit but social nedia only portrays one part of a persons life. as far as help i think it is the same as it is always been ,not-offensive
10322,1,  indeed americans need more gun control which means hitting your target. can never have to much range time. smiling facesmiling face with smiling eyes ,offensive
10323,0,      so you are content to let the government control your life? ,not-offensive
10324,1, every time! i hate it its the most horrifying feeling. it happens to me when i am dozing off. then i jolt wide the fuck awake     ,offensive
10325,0,  is it an act that doj employees are stalking trump appointees and hitting them with staged protests? is maxine waters part of the plan? antifa? ag sessions is not a part of any plan. he is stonewalling and protecting the status quo. ,not-offensive
10326,0, accurate numbers be damned eh? let us pretend that hard working entrepreneurial tax paying canadian conservatives are as gullible as the trump base. I am sure they do not mind having their intelligence insulted at all. ,not-offensive
10327,0, can it kid ,not-offensive
10328,1,     conservatives never believe women. it is amazing. you assume lying every single time.  remembering the exact date of a high school drinking party is a rather silly thing to expect. quick   what was the exact date of the one you got drunkest at? and name everyone there? ,offensive
10329,1, it is a disgrace and  are in danger of imploding if they do not remove  ,offensive
10330,0, omg  bobbybrown sister  leolahbrown is not having it with  bet  bobby roe story she is calling out his ex wife for fabrication and  lies  celebnmusic247  celebritynews  breakingnews  news  thebobbybrownstory ,not-offensive
10331,0, bullets are cheaper. ,not-offensive
10332,1,  when he is not imparting these gems michael moore is stuffing his face. ,offensive
10333,0, i am appalled that you are considering hosting a `midget’ wrestling spectacle. the word itself is offensive but an occasion like that will  perpetuate the stereotypes around dwarfism and is hugely damaging to the dwarf community. please think again. ,not-offensive
10334,0, i mean he is right he took a predominately black genre and became one of the greatest... in that aspect yes yes he is ,not-offensive
10335,0, farther not further... maybe you should study english and quit playing    in the journalistic limelight! ,not-offensive
10336,0, bottom line is and should be to all is that the accusation is from 35+ yrs ago when they were minors. the judge has 60 hs students of his saying no way! judge managed to keep impeccable lifestyle as an adult. accuser is a hardcore left activist  soros antifa type who has a hammer2grd ,not-offensive
10337,0,   i just do not get why the majority of liberals do not show there pic just curious is all...well with that being said i must say i enjoyed  bickering back and forth with you...its been real...you have a nice day...grinning face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
10338,0,what the democrats refuse to understand about freedom...is that there are several sides to every situation! understanding  and intellectual reason! you can not survive in todays society in a one sided ... fake...life! truth will set us free! maga🇺🇸thumbs upmedium skin tone ,not-offensive
10339,0, a foolish statement from a church leader frightens you?  you are way too easily frightened!  i appreciate that you do not like    but it is not as though other religious leaders never say anything foolish.  even you. ,not-offensive
10340,0, disgusting.  he is going down and taking the whole church with him.  my god. ,not-offensive
10341,0,  wtf?   already thin d backfield just got thinner. ,not-offensive
10342,0, amazingly the dems  obamas  left get away with treating their  identitypoltics groups as monolithic group thinkers who all support the dems.  what is the word when you label all people of a particular group the same ?   oh that is right ....... prejudice ,not-offensive
10343,1,  I am convinced that there is a hell of a lot more liberals of the type that a conservative could have a real conversation with and vice versa than either would admit.   the whack job commies scare the shit out of everybody. it is about time we started talking. ,offensive
10344,0, is that how easily you are offended? interesting... good night sister. hope someone brings a great twitter experience your way too. ,not-offensive
10345,0,   he is a lord now ,not-offensive
10346,1, awful ,offensive
10347,0,                    likewise! heart suit ,not-offensive
10348,1, hope they are brushed up on their very large negative numbers! ,offensive
10349,0, why is not the media reporting the “soros” connection. i saw only you tweet yesterday in regard to the lawyer of the alleged victim? conservatives need to follow the money! ,not-offensive
10350,0,   european liberals and conservatives must stand together against populism. follow my page if you think the same.  ,not-offensive
10351,0,  so kerry thinx because an anti  leftist narrative has bin spread+ 'heard' by everyone in washington that it qualifies it as.......fact?that is not how facts work you dumb leftist!that is called an intentional smear spread to create a lie to use as a talking point for desperate dems ,not-offensive
10352,0, awww kaise bache ki tarah  she is holding his fingerloudly crying facesmiling face with heart eyeshugging face ,not-offensive
10353,1, here is the problem with the left....they can not have an intelligent debate on an issue. want to prove a point? have norm on and question him about his comments and have points to counter his comments. instead the left just silenced him. shows their lack of intellegence. ,offensive
10354,1, she is no doubt the greatest female athlete but a sore loser in my opinion ,offensive
10355,0,  “hmm well she is right to hun... blake was supposed to be watching her.” ,not-offensive
10356,1, because she is an idiot!   maga ,offensive
10357,1,   arrest her immediately. she is a wicked crazy democrat ,offensive
10358,1, no better or worse than your darling brat antifa bashing people’s head in. love to see the mug shots. they look like meth heads. ,offensive
10359,0,     but she is under 18 it is still considered as child porn no matter the legal age ,not-offensive
10360,1, ok but please understand that i am not one of dubakoor mumtaj dubakoor army. i only support her for certain things. i get what you are saying and i do not understand how she has survived from up to this point. for me she is not fit for title winner. ,offensive
10361,0,remember. just like we tried to tell you. you do not hear from roy moore's accusers anymore. they are running the same play.  confirmkavanaugh  maga  christineblaseyford ,not-offensive
10362,0,"  it is almost as if 50 years ago  1968  something changed about how gun control was discussed by the nra.  how the nra went from backing gun control to america’s most powerful lobby group"""" ",not-offensive
10363,1,     the only difference is how many parasites it has feeding off it you mean? ,offensive
10364,0,   maga said i. ,not-offensive
10365,0, he is disrespecting the office. you are standing up to say that is unacceptable. ,not-offensive
10366,0, discussing! ,not-offensive
10367,0, absolutely. we conservatives have another strong lady to lead our country 2019. ,not-offensive
10368,1,  she is a dog with fleas. ,offensive
10369,0,      this is how we get tamir rice  let us assume all children are armed and use maximum force because of a mere suspicion. a better idea would be common sense gun control and not assuming an 11 year old can win a knife or fist fight with a trained cop. ,not-offensive
10370,0,    his promises should be taken with a pinch of salt.  often lies and spreads misinformation. if elected i doubt you would see any promise honored. he is not an honorable guy. ,not-offensive
10371,1, if you move ahead with kavanaugh's nominatin without more information you are committing an ethical and legal violation.you violated the constitution with merrick garland and now this horrible candidate who says precedent can be overturned. wait for more info and be sure ,offensive
10372,1, she is not a republican... by any means.... ,offensive
10373,0, burt reynolds was a man's man. none like him nor will there ever be again. ,not-offensive
10374,0, he is lying ,not-offensive
10375,1, both qanon and antifa will be listed as diseases ,offensive
10376,1,  I am that girl that said “what the fuck” — nah i wish i had the money for that concert but that would be my reaction too laugh my ass off ,offensive
10377,0, i do not understand who soros is not arrested for domestic terrorism!  he also funds antifa. ,not-offensive
10378,0, do they discuss haiti? ,not-offensive
10379,0, eject him from the senate. what rule will he break next time. if you can not follow rules you should not be a senator. ,not-offensive
10380,0, grinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyesface with tears of joyface with tears of joy because he is not important ,not-offensive
10381,1, the liberals took over  slightly frowning face ,offensive
10382,0, do you think canadian liberals will actually blame trudeau if he costs them this? or as per standard push it off on us? ,not-offensive
10383,1,  pm is looking like the extra in the tory version of saw 2018 who suddenly realised that she must cut off her own limbs to survive.if she escapes that particular nightmare she is still a politically deceased pm. it is impossible to appease mukga tories that do not want a compromise ,offensive
10384,1, laughing out loud shit i just said this on your other tweet face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
10385,1, this lies how she got the key ! why she do not admit she was in date or maybe had nsa with ? she is married ? what is true story ! bs ! ok we all respect police officer but her story and excuse full of shit ! please post her photo ! let see how fat she is ! ,offensive
10386,0,"       pretty sure you.s. conservatives are taking cues from this...  rightwing government wants to make handshake mandatory in naturalisation ceremonies"""" ",not-offensive
10387,1, yet another really stupid take by erick. he is a single issue thinker...overturning roe. anything that gets in the way of that is to be mocked and trivialized. he has no other core beliefs. ,offensive
10388,1, i see his tweet. but it is just another garbage tweet from the liberals. contributed nothing except to add more confirmation that the liberals are out of talking points and are not to be believed. ,offensive
10389,0, levi straussdoublesdown on gun control push ,not-offensive
10390,1,     me thinks you are full of shit. ,offensive
10391,0," but there is a saying you are what you eat"""" i are not want to be a loose chickenface with tears of joy  i want to be loose to ma daddy sweat droplets"""" ",not-offensive
10392,1,   I am assuming that  is a proponent of gun control.  the argument for gun control is the threat of being shot.  she then goes on to accuse people who open or conceal carry of being scared of a hypothetical fear of being shot.  it is a hypocritical statement ,offensive
10393,0,60  ww resignations in five days the global swamp is being drained.  mondaymood  maga   declassifyitall  ,not-offensive
10394,0, keep safe. glad he is going. our daughter is at school in high point nc. school is closed thursday and friday. ,not-offensive
10395,1, i believe you are the peace of shit and you do not deserve a star!   maga!!  god bless the usa 🇺🇸 and god bless president trump!!! ,offensive
10396,1,"fort trump in poland?! sounds great to me!! another lasting reminder to the left dems how much the rest of the world hates""""   maga  wwg1wga  redwave2018  draintheswamp  forttrump"""" ",offensive
10397,0, that is a good thing ...let just hope your get a life frend has  a lawyer coz she is about to do some make over for yoll . ,not-offensive
10398,1, 25th amendment ? comey and mulller with a  half roll of duct tape should be sufficient ..... just get the sorry sonofabitch away . ,offensive
10399,1, and how much will you have to say once you are in jail?  your whole family are  criminals. ,offensive
10400,0, who do you think you are???????? ,not-offensive
10401,0,"     culture of our nation"""" culture exists? what culture is that, because it is not the american culture it once was."""" ",not-offensive
10402,0,"judge dismisses lawsuit of berkeley student injured at protest of yiannopoulos event""""   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
10403,0, fbi has nothing to investigate. ,not-offensive
10404,0,   if you are the type of iphone user who loves taking pictures etc then go for the 256gb ,not-offensive
10405,0, I am done with you as well. an intentional 11th hour attack completely based on hearsay and you want an investigation? what do you think they will find other than he said she said. feinstein admitted she sat on this and here you are ready to lockstep with the swamp. ,not-offensive
10406,0, every day breitbart finds a new hill to die on. and every day the sheep follows its lies. ,not-offensive
10407,0,     he needs to speak to someone about all that anger he is harboring!!  because that should not have made him explode like that. he has some underlying issues. lordt face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
10408,1, do not even presume to know what liberals feel or think.  i am liberal.  i am personally opposed to abortion in any but life and death circumstances.  but i am also personally opposed to imposing my personal feelings about abortion on anyone else.  so do us all a favor and stfu. ,offensive
10409,1, and these are the *people pushing for gun control unamused face ,offensive
10410,0, my mom makes literally everyone. you are my true mother ,not-offensive
10411,0, twitter censors conservatives and republicans regardless of the bullshit they tell congress and the world. ,not-offensive
10412,1,  she is in witness protection. i wish this cow had a mobile phone so she could call other cows and share her escape.  govegan ,offensive
10413,1,  you keep telling this lie. i think you liberals believe yourselves. focusing on those who need t most yet you have how many million sitting in the veterans budget with no intention of funding them. ,offensive
10414,0, looks like the jokes on liberals again.   forttrump  poland  boomingeconomy ,not-offensive
10415,0,  people become racists because of all this racism bullshit ! ,not-offensive
10416,0,  no disrespect oh pope but you need to step down... ,not-offensive
10417,0,no need to look into keith's treatment of his women ... dems already know that... maga ! ,not-offensive
10418,0,           no he is the the bodyguard.... ,not-offensive
10419,0,  chills' goat levels have rendered kal's basic human communication capabilities completely useless.  this goes to show how powerful of a unit he is. ,not-offensive
10420,0," elections news  gun control group's political arm pouring millions into midterm elections  news  headlinenews""""  ",not-offensive
10421,1,1. 2 protect trumpie. 2. 2 increase presidential powers. 3. 2 kill roe v. wade. 4. 2 limit voting rights. 5. 2 weaken gun control. 6. 2 deal with religious liberty. congress is not an august body. they lost that moniker when they went whole hog 4 trumpism. ,offensive
10422,1,   bullshit. i live in nh. my daughter goes to school in cali. she is considered a non resident. this is clearly a move to fraud the citizens of nh ,offensive
10423,0," russia agent  fake republican  devin nunez says liberals, antifa are causing all of these riots"""" because """"we are whinning"""""""" ",not-offensive
10424,1,"      matthew   you are a lefty genius.  go live in syria, assad is a much nicer"""" guy than trump.  you will like it there. rolling on the floor laughinglots of """"human rights"""" no racism, no sexism.  tell us how you get on. rolling on the floor laughingpile of poopile of poosmiling face with open mouth   closed eyes   ",offensive
10425,0,obamas lying skank maria harf   dncwbore   lyingskank   kavanaughconfirmation   christineblaseyford   rednationrising   kag   maga   ccot   ,not-offensive
10426,0, funny  kerry should know! right! standing with our president thumbs upmedium light skin tonethumbs upmedium light skin tonethumbs upmedium light skin tone🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  ,not-offensive
10427,1,   please do not kill me. antifa on the other hand... ,offensive
10428,0, I am wondering how he is going to keep those leaves on ,not-offensive
10429,0, maybe she is just supporting a pill that aborts all computer emails. seems to have worked for her pretty well. coming to stores soon the bleachbit pill. if you buy now they will include a free sledge hammer as well. ,not-offensive
10430,0, crazy maxine is either huffing spray paint or smoking crack.  maga ,not-offensive
10431,1, they embraced antifa. career killer. ,offensive
10432,0,              ‘face with tears of joy.... it is all about maga for me....as a very dear friend says   •1million followers and  1.95 will buy you hot beverage️face with tears of joy   fact ,not-offensive
10433,0, abortion on demand   that is what she wants! ,not-offensive
10434,0,66  of americans want tuition free college 67  support roe v. wade 68  support stricter gun control laws 70  support medicare for all 78  support teaching kids about climate change 82  support congressional term limits 91  support criminal justice reform  ,not-offensive
10435,0, if degrom was actually as great of a pitcher as you say he is then he would hit more homeruns. ,not-offensive
10436,1, we about to start stepping out laughing out loud i are not doing another winter with no boo bro. shit cold .... literally ,offensive
10437,0,"     our debt is not unsubstantiated.  it is backed by the full faith and credit"""" of the united states, except when conservatives decide they do not believe in that."""" ",not-offensive
10438,1, he is like  “holy jesus fucken christ” ,offensive
10439,1, first man movie is an accurate metaphor for the nwo globalist left  they give you enough to make you believe they are truthful unless you have educated yourself! ,offensive
10440,0,  typical antifa type and he is not worth anyone’s time. ,not-offensive
10441,0, does not any remember john mcenroe?  what is wrong with people today? ,not-offensive
10442,0,  he is on the practice squad and they did sign soldier to play lt.  granted i would of preferred they did more on the old but they made changes. ,not-offensive
10443,0,    where is antifa for alex jones??? no where to be found. ,not-offensive
10444,0,"the blatant abuse of the  metoo is really disturbing.  no good reason to automatically place a guilty"""" stamp on someone over unfounded allegations.  most importantly  it unfairly strips credibility from the women who actually suffered and demand real justice.  bullshit.   maga"""" ",not-offensive
10445,0,  harrison ford is not using renewable energy to power his home. he is using the same power plant the rest of the neighborhood is using. and that power plant is releasing toxins up into the air. ,not-offensive
10446,0, ngl it looks good but the pineapple is pissing me offf ,not-offensive
10447,0," attention!  is publicizing an antifa target  list comprised of trump supporters' names. some are high profile names and many are random everyday trump supporters. twitter has not suspended his account. check out his lists""""."""" ",not-offensive
10448,0,  i feel her emotion and almost cry when watch her saying in this film for 2nd time. she is strong ,not-offensive
10449,1, fuck yeah you are!!!! ,offensive
10450,0,     nah she is pti an emotional one more than rational.. but got caught at the wrong end of the bargain. big house too many members but single gas connection. she does not understand it is target is the elite and the people who run gas generators. ,not-offensive
10451,0," another dem run sanctuary city"""" with strict gun control laws . . . the ultimate fail."""" ",not-offensive
10452,0,"  it is not a conservative semantic argument. it is a stretch, meant to incite emotions with inflated school shooting"""" statistic. people hear """"school shooting,"""" and without reading they are meant to think of parkland, and begin their predictable howls for gun control. someone was"""" ",not-offensive
10453,1, going to need a whole ass rant thread done in the utara loghat to really feel it haha ,offensive
10454,1, a special kind of  antifa when he learns the correct spelling of tomorrow ! ffs proper shitting myself now face screaming in fear ,offensive
10455,0, guncontrol advocates must stop falling all over themselves to assure electorate that they too love the horrific 2a ,not-offensive
10456,0, she is saving her career ,not-offensive
10457,0,  him because she is a democrat and does not want the vote to go through. facts just the facts. ,not-offensive
10458,0,thank you president trump and than you god for hearing our prayers.  maga ,not-offensive
10459,1, fuck off ,offensive
10460,0,  i will retweet anything to do with the terrorists that call themselves antifa ,not-offensive
10461,0, rethink...stop censoring conservatives... ,not-offensive
10462,0,50 year mandatory minimum for any crime committed with a gun will substantially reduce violence and put end to gun control babble. no politicians will support this because they do not care. why you ask ? because they are politicians first  termlimits ,not-offensive
10463,0, if anyone knows anything please help she is going to end her life or she is already gone but if you know anything please ,not-offensive
10464,0, he is going to end up having a massive heart attack and never find out how the election went. ,not-offensive
10465,0," back in my days the boys were not drunk but they scream patty raid"""" and we girls would scream and giggle and never thought they were going to kill us. hooker harris needs to examine her own closet."""" ",not-offensive
10466,0, knew it was a lie can see you laughing to yourself as you was writing it... you are way too engrossed in thames yourself that you will be playing it right up until  fm19 beta comes out  '  ,not-offensive
10467,0,    that is why kitchens is here partner. he is haley’s right hand man. ,not-offensive
10468,1,  he is so tired of all these liberals everywhere. he is afraid “all this will go away....”. his money. his power. his tax payer paid  junkets. his unbridled arrogance is sick. keep the pressure on! it is working. ,offensive
10469,0, are you kidding this is the liberals good show ,not-offensive
10470,1,      how is paying taxes optional? tax evasion is a crime. we have human rights laws and the 1a  your opinion on this issue is preposterous. gilliam is not anti 2a. sensible gun control that would prevent mentally ill people like you from owning a gun is all we want. ,offensive
10471,1," there are deals on mexico eu trade and other trade deals.  we do not need or want a gun control deal or a climate"""" deal"""" ",offensive
10472,0,.   this seems true. at least the damage trump has done can be undone fairly quickly ,not-offensive
10473,1,   the title of the book pretty much sums up any conversation with avram.  he is either a shill for the criminal  or really is mentally incapable of understanding facts that contradict his brainwashing. ,offensive
10474,0,  do not hold your breath. biased media will just double down on conservatives. the public is slowly catching on. ,not-offensive
10475,0,  serena was constantly berating the guy between games. even said he would never work one of her matches again. the third warning was completely justified. she is no saint. sad such a champion lost her cool so badly ,not-offensive
10476,0, I am in hetero with you ,not-offensive
10477,0, link me and knuckles then or you going to dodge like the creddy you are ,not-offensive
10478,1, he needs to fade into the sunset quickly. his music sucks and no one cares about his political views. unfortunately he is too ignorant to realize. only concert i went to where a political diatribe completely. ruined it completely. ,offensive
10479,0, and these weasels are smiling? ,not-offensive
10480,0,                                                  that is why trump supporters can not even wear a hat without being abused. if they meet the animals on the left attack them. antifa is a branch of the communist socialist nazis democrat party. ,not-offensive
10481,1, i thought it was because you were not very funny and lacked in talent as a comedian. ,offensive
10482,0,    you want to smoke weed i do not     unlike you  i have confidence in myself  i do not need a larger government to tell me what tooth paste to use laughing out loud  but you can always volunteer to pay more taxes? oddly liberals are the first one to complain about others not following them ,not-offensive
10483,0,  judging by the membership of antifa they are already at that point. ,not-offensive
10484,0,. congratulations! thank you for being a role model for so many young conservatives. the conservative movement cannot thanknyou enough.   thank you for everything you have taught me. ,not-offensive
10485,0,  you are a good man! i love people who love animals! ,not-offensive
10486,1, yeahh to be honest most that do are weirdos and think about sex in a very weird way. ,offensive
10487,0,  and the so called letter is where? ,not-offensive
10488,0,  just another dem tactic. leftist do that not good conservatives. ,not-offensive
10489,1,  and yet he is allowed to. congress is supposed to be a check on this clown. if we get control of congress you folks have to write some laws to prevent this happening again. ,offensive
10490,0, republicans need to stop being such push overs.  this is war   maga   walkaway   iamalexjones   kavanaugh   ppc ,not-offensive
10491,0, qanda look at who twitter and facebook are  currently banning   all conservatives. ,not-offensive
10492,0,      she is so dead face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
10493,0, looks like the jokes on liberals again.   forttrump  poland  boomingeconomy ,not-offensive
10494,1,.          and liberals think guns are the problem? ,offensive
10495,1, he is repulsive. ,offensive
10496,0," for me superman has to be morally superior no matter what  excluding maybe the love interest face with tears of joy .. he is the pure good"""" and """"nice"""" yet still superior... i did not see that. person shruggingmedium light skin tone‍female sign️ it disappointed me. loudly crying face"""" ",not-offensive
10497,0,  also i see you are appalled at doxing of ford’s address. are you appalled at doxing of ice agents by antifa and advocating for their and their families physical assault ? ,not-offensive
10498,0, you are a moron ,not-offensive
10499,1,   she is clearly agitated in a defensive stance  shit  what is she doing here ,offensive
10500,0, strange the far left antifa always quiet when mooslims attack white people and when there terrorists attacks done by the mooslims and let us not forget the mooslim groomng gangs ,not-offensive
10501,1, yeah we do legitamately need better mental health treatment in the us  not to say that is a replacement for stronger gun control  ,offensive
10502,1, and hypocrite flies in his private jet around the world? ,offensive
10503,0,".  via  you have cattle. you are big farmers. you can feed your children. why then resort to birth control? this is my opinion, i see no reason to control births in tanzania,""""  ",not-offensive
10504,0,      dear lord. do you have a clue what the black panthers stood for? the  still stands for sensible gun control laws.  we have laws already in place to prevent people who should never own firearms from ever obtaining them. now? talk to your leo about enforcing them. guns are not ,not-offensive
10505,0,   it is too bad california does not have any common sense gun control laws that prevent criminals from doing illegal things. ,not-offensive
10506,0, good!  antifa is violent fascism. ,not-offensive
10507,1, she is among friends...ira friends. a terrorist loves a terrorist. ,offensive
10508,0, i would think already since you are only following half the people that are following you? it is called the follow back resistance. ,not-offensive
10509,0,  she is indeed very cute ,not-offensive
10510,0, and you know he is probably saying the softest things and yet he looks like this  person tipping handmedium skin tone‍female sign️new moon facenew moon facenew moon facesee no evil monkey what is the truth?! ,not-offensive
10511,0,  she is. seriously. I have cried so hard when i read her direct message where she wrote to me “i care” and I have cried because i was happy not sad and yeah that made my day ,not-offensive
10512,0, the 1965 immigration act worked exactly how liberals hoped it would. demographics are destiny. ,not-offensive
10513,0,  he is crazy!! ,not-offensive
10514,1, kkk and antifa both hate groups created by the democrats ,offensive
10515,0, no worries louthumbs up god’s hand is directing the trump agenda and he will not be thwarted by satancollision god’s timing is not our timing. he is slowly revealing the deep state swamp creaturesdouble exclamation mark️ redtsunami2018  trump2020🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
10516,0,organized resistance  the leaking campaign at state dept to derail the maga agenda via  ,not-offensive
10517,0,"   alt right""""...lmao...nope, we are just not marxists  socialismsucks"""" ",not-offensive
10518,1, i always found liberals and progressives to be the spartan ones. all the socialists i knew wanted to live as well as they could afford ,offensive
10519,0,                                                  and here he is supporting gun control  ,not-offensive
10520,0,  you all are the best ,not-offensive
10521,0,  of course never cover conservatives ,not-offensive
10522,0,    bribery is giving something to someone. like the nra giving republicans money that came from russians for ignoring gun control that 3 4 of americans want. no one is saying their giving you anything. it is time you represent the majority of the people of maine. you do not  ,not-offensive
10523,0,"  those other three are activist judges"""".  they must be conservatives!"""" ",not-offensive
10524,0, she is such a £ucking liar! you turned on the lights and did not notice it was not your apartment? you had to go look at the number? what the fuck is she on? ,not-offensive
10525,0, laughing out loud yeah per dina he is there everyday per claudia no horse got vet care unless it was for donation example limping etc ,not-offensive
10526,0, you are so beautiful ,not-offensive
10527,1,  they should dress him in an ice uniform no weapons and make him walk the boarder at night calling for the drug cartel. ,offensive
10528,0, chicago tribune  london mayor sadiq khan and the ties to farrakhan he would rather forget via  ,not-offensive
10529,0,  poor baby. ,not-offensive
10530,0, clearly that man must have been blind.  but thanks for being not only a beautiful woman on the outside but being a kick ass one on the inside as well.  i know there are many woman applauding your post along with me. ,not-offensive
10531,0, i will always tell her she is the worlds prettiest girl. to me like other dads she always will be. ,not-offensive
10532,0, ali you are in my hometown with me.  welcome and please be safe.  we will be riding out the storm together. ,not-offensive
10533,0,  how does this work ? seems to me he is on the same path as washington with a deficit  the biggest deficit ever ,not-offensive
10534,0, he is going up the creek with obama and clinton. ,not-offensive
10535,0, dianne feinstein disagrees. she effectively called the woman a liar ,not-offensive
10536,1," do not forget the deletion of all of her social media  no doubt anti trump pro antifa . why is no one asking why she cannot fix a year or day? are they genuinely that gullible? she had one"""" beer and """"somehow"""" ended up in a bedroom? implausible."""" ",offensive
10537,0, i love you so freaking much !! you are an amazing and loving soul. do not listen to the ignorance of bitter people who loves to tear people down. we love you and take the time you need to grieve red heart️ ,not-offensive
10538,0, follow the money money bag ,not-offensive
10539,0,    she is just feeling his touch first timesmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
10540,0,  omg... it is like the ows crowd in their later years!  they still can not think speak for themselves.  they are only allowed to parrot. ,not-offensive
10541,0, intruder alarm went off in my house this morning but i have a powerful weapon that this guy wants to take away from me leaving me defenseless. it is called gun control aka ban the guns. ,not-offensive
10542,0,president trump has an announcement to make   donaldtrump  maga  metoo ,not-offensive
10543,1, do not think so maybe do a little research buddy! ,offensive
10544,1, i`m with you jr.she is nothing.don`t waste your time on human waste! ,offensive
10545,0, canadian who came to and made good in us now disrespects those who serve and have served our country.  appreciation? ,not-offensive
10546,1, kurt  liberals are obsessed with seeing the president's disgusting penis. they fantasize about being in the room with his horrible hog.  sweating  they can not stop thinking about that mushroom capped member.  visibly erect  ,offensive
10547,0, but gun control ,not-offensive
10548,0, clarence thomas was branded by democrats but has served honorably and well for over 20 yrs. haters are going to hate all conservatives. ,not-offensive
10549,0,       brexit    chequers proposal is a disaster for britain !  chuckchequers now ! ,not-offensive
10550,1,more  lies!  maga  makeamericagreatagain  theresistance ,offensive
10551,1, and sometimes these edgy bitch boys are not secretly soft  good trope!!  they are just straight up.... abusive..... this is a very thin line to walk and dramione does not walk it well ,offensive
10552,0, liberals go crazy over creationist's religious beliefs yet when useful for their own insanity disregard science  there are 2 genders male and female   this is a scientific fact  a man does not chop off his breasts or have babies  and where are the breastfeeding nazis for her cruelty ,not-offensive
10553,0, antifa boot camp face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
10554,1, i care that he was murdered. i do not care whether he had some weed in his home  like a whole lot of americans do  any more than I would care if you said he had 100 pairs of socks. he is the victim. you are trying to smear the victim. you are despicable. ,offensive
10555,1,  this is a lie! to push a gun control narrative! the actual number is much lower. if you look up what they are using to reach that number you will see why it is so high. always playing politics! ,offensive
10556,1, another overdose nigga   ,offensive
10557,0, and no one in their infinite wisdom could not predict this? please! ,not-offensive
10558,0,                     ty. you are welcome.  maga ,not-offensive
10559,0, thanks man! it is not in stock at most stores to be honest so you need to order it by phone online to then pick up in 2 3 days  unless you are in texas  ,not-offensive
10560,0,"    then your statement that conservatives gop hold to the higher moral ground and they know that sex scandals bother us"""" is hypocritical.  both sides are equally guilty and should be held accountable regardless of party."""" ",not-offensive
10561,1, complaining about sp's comments and blames the media for him spath  feeling a certain way and not actually reading an article. basically saying shea does not know shit and basically he should shut his mouth. ,offensive
10562,1,  why is this crook walking free? ,offensive
10563,0, but you are the coolest dude ,not-offensive
10564,1,"...it should not be surprising that conservatives increasingly want to take that ultimate power of life and death away from the government."""" ",offensive
10565,0," england averages 26 gun murders per year. it is hilarious that you imply gun control does not work in the uk. this must be what trump call fake news""""."""" ",not-offensive
10566,0,   agreed. antifa is totally ate up with worms. in fact they are worms. ,not-offensive
10567,0,                     you are too modest face with stuck out tongue   winking eye ,not-offensive
10568,1,   he is fake laughing out loud ,offensive
10569,0, wow he is away from his phone. ,not-offensive
10570,0, he is very scared that he will loose...... yay! ,not-offensive
10571,0,"  unfortunately, the report is riddled with errors.  it fabricates connections between influencers that simply do not exist, and categorizes liberals as far right"""" if they even openly debate conservatives  ",not-offensive
10572,0,  you are really an army ajsvsnsksjsj i love you family ,not-offensive
10573,1,  who appointed you the spokesman for the people at lake norman. i guess you interviewed every person at the lake and it a unanimous poll against president trump. not likely. you are like most liberals who try to speak for everybody ,offensive
10574,1,just vote for god sake and move on.  it be a non issue in 3 months. do not allow libtards to veer you into the trap.  harden the fuck up and let us go! seriously   kavanagh   scotus   maga ,offensive
10575,1, suck my dick ,offensive
10576,1, worst place I have experienced that is the fucking movies ,offensive
10577,0, you get invited to kh events because you are very active in the kingdom hearts community and because you are a super duper mega fan. you are extremely lucky so embrace it. ,not-offensive
10578,1,   bullshit! regulations are good because it keeps conservatives from striping our land into the abyss ,offensive
10579,0,   what was the average wage to average house price when thatcher was in charge? that ratio is the fundamental reason. build as many as you like but if they are not genuinely affordable you are just wasting resources. ,not-offensive
10580,1, bitch if you do not message him ,offensive
10581,1,  birch me too.. da fuck ,offensive
10582,0, always remember that you are a rockstar. ,not-offensive
10583,0,   she took a polygraph to prove something to her husband. i think they were in counseling because she is frigid with her husband and he wants to know why. so she made up a cockamamy story as a coverup for her current lesbian affair. ,not-offensive
10584,0,   yes the cpc needs more liberals. good call scheer. ,not-offensive
10585,0, he is valid ,not-offensive
10586,0, the best hope for gun control is banning bullet proof backpacks... because why do they need it if they are not a terrorist? ,not-offensive
10587,1, this is a no brainer.  if she stands for what she says she does she has to vote against him   if she is lying she deserves to be humiliated and defeated.  we will see if she played the pro choice caed to get elected or if she is just another goper kochsucker ,offensive
10588,0,  nope that would be you ,not-offensive
10589,0,                                                 just be careful because i got a suspension for using a meme that said gaf once!   mirror .... ,not-offensive
10590,0,   oh yeah another cracking offering from  face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
10591,0, did you find out where senator collins is sleeping? let us know so we can send some antifa goons to her house to straighten her out. oncoming fistraised fistmedium dark skin tone ,not-offensive
10592,1,"a big thank you"""" to all these stupid celebrities. events like this will only serve to help republicans in 2018 and 2020 elections.   maga    ",offensive
10593,1, these niggas getting put on list and straight ass skull only niggas i seen good was yoshi patchmade jay and a few more rest are ass hundred points ,offensive
10594,0, do not forget the illegals you are fighting for with tax payer money. ,not-offensive
10595,0," he is saying what"""" they need to do to fix the problems, but not much """"how"""" they will fix them.  i am a hear broken cardinal's fan looking for answers"""" ",not-offensive
10596,0,                                                hope she is ok. ,not-offensive
10597,0, professors at liberal colleges by day and antifa by night. ,not-offensive
10598,1, cancelsouthpark they were liberals when you were still suckin' on your momma's titty at the other woodstock. ,offensive
10599,0,"  billionaires making donations to democrats do not help advance any left wing causes, they simply because democrats to act in the interest of billionaires, just like republicans, regardless of the absurd conspiracy theories alex jones and pjw tell liberals"""" like you."""" ",not-offensive
10600,1,    at least you are honest about wanting a nationwide gun ban. i give you credit for that. and the only place you can show that gun control works is in an environment with controlled access. of course gun control works if the only access to a place is through metal detectors. ,offensive
10601,0,  he lived in a country with no gun control. sad but true slightly frowning face ,not-offensive
10602,1, until he is dead. because even after he is out of office he will likely command the news cycle for a long time. ,offensive
10603,0, where is this persons gun control narrative? certainly he must not believe in the second amendment!?!? rolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
10604,1, i believe he is one step worse  according to experts  sociopath which is a malignant narcissist ,offensive
10605,0,  rimmy4antifa  can this young working class proletarian join your because ,not-offensive
10606,1, i hate politics! you  cnn are despicable. liberals are treating judge kavanaugh  like he is some sort of serial rapist that they have captured at last.  redwave  voteyes  innocent until proven guilty. ,offensive
10607,1, and this traitor thinks he is? ,offensive
10608,0, execute him!put him in the gas chamber !what a joke these liberals are ! ,not-offensive
10609,0, willienelson laughs at conservatives on the view for suddenly being outraged by his support of democrats ,not-offensive
10610,1,🇺🇸  for sale     buy  american  flag  usa   play button  shopping sale .org  reverse button    usa flag 4u  shop 8 9  maga  americafirst   trump  pol 8 27 qx ,offensive
10611,0, god never worry’s for he is powerful ,not-offensive
10612,0,  only if the self serving  do not stand and reject mrs may's de facto  remain surrender.  now begone with that insurgent hashtag. ,not-offensive
10613,0,"                                              this is the pic msm showed us in 1999 for  jfkjr plane wreckage also  fake!!!    here is a video, showing another pic msm showed of  jfkjr, even more fake!!!  article   evidence of a cover up and why official story is in doubt!""""  ",not-offensive
10614,0, it is so sad where we are in america now liberals should be against this kind of mccarthyism  all you have to do us accuse yet there was a chinese spy in a dem office for 20 years n the media just shrugs ,not-offensive
10615,0, pay close attention he is the same guy that warned us that 45 was a con man ,not-offensive
10616,0,stop sign truthfeed news stop sign backhand index pointing right 'dems scramble and suddenly hit the brakes on kavanaugh’s accuser'  maga￼🇺🇸 2a  prolife ,not-offensive
10617,1, clearly it does because the cheerleader is smaller than the other girl and she whooped that ass after being slammed to the ground and everything ,offensive
10618,0,  students who do not vote are literally giving their votes to those who do not respect their race gender gun free schools gun control their over charged student loans clean water for drinking bathing climate denying polluters all students must vote no complain after its too late ,not-offensive
10619,0, i understand that.. but she has 4 children and she is mad because she and her 7 week old were asked to leave a book club meeting at 9 00... obviously someone was with her other children at home so why bring the baby ,not-offensive
10620,1,"   do not let your bretheren"""" fool you!  each one of your republicans, need to decide if you are going to be good people or  repunklicans!  you need to know, that kavanaugh is going to make  ronaldgrump into the first dictator of  naziusa, which cannot happen! ",offensive
10621,0, you are awesome! i am so thankful i know you! ,not-offensive
10622,0,  you are awesome! thank you. you give humanity hope! ,not-offensive
10623,0,  state sponsored kids protesting the 2nd amendment?  youth invasion of d.c. took place as young fascists in training were corralled into d.c. to demand that govt strip away the liberties of all in the name of gun control   ' ,not-offensive
10624,0, ok g you are hired. hot yoga fixed it. feels good as new! ,not-offensive
10625,1, i am definitely for antifa members getting themselves killed. ,offensive
10626,0, she is loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face ,not-offensive
10627,0, it is so sad i grew up in a christian republican home and longed to be free like liberal cool kids. you new liberals are worse than 1950 parents. you ruin everything in your quest to prove getting picked last in gym was not because we wanted to play not  watch you fake injury. ,not-offensive
10628,0,  93  negative coverage says you are delusional ,not-offensive
10629,0,  if the left  would just stop the politics of distraction he will keep more promises  maga ,not-offensive
10630,0, i always have eddie pick flowers out for me and tell the cashier that he is getting them for me.  laughing out loud ,not-offensive
10631,0, ellison has done far worse and there is hard evidence! nothing is being done in that matter!  maga ,not-offensive
10632,1, everyone saying fuck russ do not know a damn thing about him or watched the interview person shrugging‍male sign️person shrugging‍male sign️person shrugging‍male sign️ ,offensive
10633,1, carrey is a sick man!!! ,offensive
10634,0, keep getting yours ,not-offensive
10635,1,   that is how a career in media works...people admire you. if people think you are a piece of shit you will not make it far. ,offensive
10636,0, demi’s od was because of arianna grande. you see how pretty she is? ,not-offensive
10637,0, I am in mn. i wish they would. he also supports antifa and is connected to the muslim brotherhood. i do not want him to have any power here. ,not-offensive
10638,1,   you are a sexy perverse womansmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyessmiling face with heart eyesface savouring delicious foodface savouring delicious foodface savouring delicious foodwinking facewinking facesmiling face with horns ,offensive
10639,0,                                                  that is a car automobile ,not-offensive
10640,0,trump responsible for even more employment!! maga ,not-offensive
10641,1,   god forbid construction workers would be able to earn a decent wage. liberals want the working class poor and quiet. ,offensive
10642,0,  you are just looking at the price... ,not-offensive
10643,1,1. this is a local fox station not the national fox news broadcast. 2. if you would follow anyone outside your liberal bubble you would know the vast majority of conservatives are outraged by this too. ,offensive
10644,0, you are welcome dear smiling face with halosmiling face with halo but for what? ,not-offensive
10645,0, it is just a snack she is making steak later laughing out loud ,not-offensive
10646,0, antisemitism is alive and well in the uk! ,not-offensive
10647,0, we the people  maga  winning ,not-offensive
10648,1,  the fascists are anti american communist scum like yourself!! now go fuck yourself you piece of human garbage!! usa  maga  antifa are terrorists ,offensive
10649,1, she is so damn cute! def with the facial expressions ,offensive
10650,0, you are so wonderful elizabeth...kisses from italy.... ,not-offensive
10651,0,"  old'bob sez...white existence is a crime !"""" alrighty then...another country to scratch off the""""tourist destination list"""" south africa can now join cuba, venezuela and the entire european union...I am liking poland more and more everyday, even russia now, just to piss off liberals!"""" ",not-offensive
10652,0, i was on a conference call after the election of our president.   30 minutes of ted lieu discussing how to stop trump.  this guy supports antifa.  maxine is his mentor. ,not-offensive
10653,1, aa mr. bean should crawl back under his rock. ,offensive
10654,0, . is like railroad tracks   laid across the country ,not-offensive
10655,0," liberals are against abortion too  we call it birth control."""""""" ",not-offensive
10656,0, not to mention they are the ones who allegedly defend freedom and liberty but use the nsl mccarthyism to silence dissent and almost sent paratroopers to quash the candlelight revolution. conservatives = hate democracy. ,not-offensive
10657,1,"  right?! i want to know why she on the phone calling the police anyway? what did he do""""? fuckin """"run me over rhonda"""" lol"""" ",offensive
10658,0,   it is not your name. you are account is as fake as a 3 dollar bill. you are about as dense as stale unleavened bread. ,not-offensive
10659,1,  how dare you!!! kappa ,offensive
10660,0, by the way have not heard about antifa lately since soros ran off without paying them after their violent riots across the us ,not-offensive
10661,0, its  fault..she is cheat ,not-offensive
10662,1, bull shit...  stop putting words in people’s mouths. ,offensive
10663,0,  how about gun control! that might be the trick. ,not-offensive
10664,1, could fund an entire school incl teachers’ salaries and have then teach his own curriculum. indoctrinating generations of youth however he sees fit...my gas tank on e rn ,offensive
10665,1,I am assuming I am not going to get an answer'  brainless   liberal stooge ocasio cortez  . on  40t policy plan  wakeupamerica  this is not america's future vote republican  or surrender america to these  dem morons   maga ,offensive
10666,0," 6  so clearly team conservative is striving to uphold the notion of virtue and ideas and reasonableness"""" while liberals are completely violating the social contract to score political points. again, it does not work if both sides are not upholding their end of the bargain!"""" ",not-offensive
10667,0, a new hero. god bless him ,not-offensive
10668,0, stop lying ahole! fbi is not involved because there is nothingburger to investigate. its all liberals charade to delay.. kavanaugh will b confirmed  ginsbergisnext rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingface savouring delicious foodface savouring delicious food ,not-offensive
10669,1, yeah. gun control act of 1968 also uses a lot of innuendoes for black people and ghettos in its text. ,offensive
10670,0, he is trying to go on the campaign trail for big pay!  we know what iran loving hussein is up to.  no match for presidrnt trump who gives his salary to charity. ,not-offensive
10671,0, i said the same thing today laughing out loud ,not-offensive
10672,1, exhibit a gor the utter irrationality of the left. respect and support for women....i think not!! ,offensive
10673,0, you should still feel really good about your team though. going into it why would you have switched them out? it would not have made sense. you made the right decision and you are probably still going to win anyways ,not-offensive
10674,1,democrats and their double sided hypocrisy. is this any surpise...  maga  confirmkavanaugh   pjnet ,offensive
10675,0,                 person raising handhello to all fellow patriots. ,not-offensive
10676,1,  bit of a celebrityface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy my ass! ,offensive
10677,0,  the liberals will stop at nothing. ,not-offensive
10678,1,absolutely all fucking done.  bye felicia ,offensive
10679,0,     laughing out loud liberals do the same thing? ,not-offensive
10680,0, he is and was and is to come. ,not-offensive
10681,0, he is not the best receiver in the nfl when healthy. ,not-offensive
10682,0, morningjoe the closer it gets to monday the louder the liberals will squeal. ,not-offensive
10683,1,     laugh my ass off you are too dumb... forgive my manners but this pile of shiit you just said can give cancer. ,offensive
10684,0, it would make sense for her to be a big character in 9 but if she stays the way she is i really hope not. laughing out loud she was making me cringe most of the movie face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
10685,0,  gun control at its finest! 2a is the greatest!!  she was  maga ,not-offensive
10686,0,  commissar says you have his blessing. ,not-offensive
10687,1,    loved to hate mr in bobby brown show. that guy really screwed those kids back in the day. please let him go through all hws drama. he is my favorite and then jerry.  maybe they should have a show andy? ,offensive
10688,0,   yes she is. so why is not she under investigation? ,not-offensive
10689,0, how is the gun control working in chicago? ,not-offensive
10690,0,                   here is our response to  antifa  do not you ever ask our family for donations to  antifa ever again!!! ,not-offensive
10691,0, hey brian tell us about the time you voted with the liberals to take our guns away.  ,not-offensive
10692,0, packing briefcasesunglasseswoman’s boot for tx cowboy hat facethumbs upmedium light skin tonesoccer ball️heart suit️  hope you are wellhugging face  almostcousinsheart suit️ ,not-offensive
10693,1,  fuck this !! he acted like the father of the girl killed at parkland was a bug.  instead of telling us how much he loves these girls he should tell them the truth that he really does not give a shit if they are killed by a crazy white guy with an ar 15! ,offensive
10694,0, ever get the feeling these people do not live in the same universe as we do? ,not-offensive
10695,0, politicslive  decision to go into bed with the  in the coalition will be his down fall for years to come. ,not-offensive
10696,0,                                  so the march is against antifa bigots and labour anti semitism then? did i get that right? ,not-offensive
10697,0, you are a shining light in a dark world ,not-offensive
10698,1,   omg what country were you in?? it was not america. but again you liberals will believe anything ,offensive
10699,0,  olivia you are killing it ,not-offensive
10700,0,the whole world can see what president trump has accomplished and americans by and large are extraordinarily proud of the trump  administration.  it makes no difference what the left and its mainstream new media dedicated conartists try and pull on us.  we are awake  maga ,not-offensive
10701,0, you are most definitely not a man of god. ,not-offensive
10702,1,  he is losing his mind ,offensive
10703,0,  exactly. well said!  maga ,not-offensive
10704,0, you 100  believe ab would be the player he is today without big ben? ,not-offensive
10705,1, it sucks hy person facepalming‍female sign️ ,offensive
10706,0, time to take this twt down. is there anyone in our team with an ounce of guts?.   ,not-offensive
10707,0," thursdaythoughts  i wonder how many liberals would take the word of a woman that accused their husband, son, dad of groping"""" 36 years ago?  a big fat zero!  we can not allow people 2 destroy any man's life without 100  proof they were violated.  it is a tactic, not the truth. ",not-offensive
10708,0,      if antifa were not using violence they would not have a hope of doing this.  jokes   violence ,not-offensive
10709,0, aw what? that is devastating.  hope you are ok.   i love you biter ,not-offensive
10710,0, but you are listening to grandmaster trump ,not-offensive
10711,1, ancient homies could not have cock cocks fighting because that was literally illegal in athens fjshdhjs ,offensive
10712,0,   so all ddsl clubs reinvest the money and do not buy houses and cars from the money they make? actually not sure if you are serious. 100 kids go over every year that is a lot money. you think the ddsl reinvest thatface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
10713,1, you after the mounties come and get you for being a dirty pervert on the internet...only you are 150 pounds heavier than him but you get the point ,offensive
10714,1, destroying me???? excuse me i beat you all the time why you bullshitting that?? also i love you more face with steam from nose ,offensive
10715,0,1000 gay children have now died as a result of bert and ernie not being gay. hope  your happy conservatives. ,not-offensive
10716,1, yeah it start with her being a blogger and all but somehow it turned into a murder fan fiction ,offensive
10717,0,  global sushi   dead commie terrorist. i choose sushi. ,not-offensive
10718,0, drama queen.  walkaway ,not-offensive
10719,1,   i wonder if she is still in love with the drug dealing  boyfriend that worked at burger king. ,offensive
10720,0, bet ya ryan can not wait... ,not-offensive
10721,0, bill maher is a known pos! ,not-offensive
10722,1, and he is planning to run in 2020? joe lost his natural mind... ,offensive
10723,1,  do not let the door hit ya... ,offensive
10724,0,       classic liberal projection. accuse conservatives of what we do face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
10725,0,  and they aiming right way you whooo whooo ! ,not-offensive
10726,1,  you are 20x the trader i am laughing out loud I am screwed but i have a tight stop. I will let it ride! ,offensive
10727,0,  did the pope say he is a 'sinner' yet to be unveiledcrying facefolded hands ,not-offensive
10728,0, I am so fucking ready ,not-offensive
10729,0, no the person also needs to change because she is a remainer why she was put in charge of brexit negotiations i have no clue unamused face ,not-offensive
10730,0,  the left has a plan that is popular with liberals. their campaign platform is all free stuff for everybody all the time. everyone is welcomed at all times to come to america .  we will support them too. where are the funds to support these plans?  the left does not knowor care. ,not-offensive
10731,1, her brain is still somewhere lost in the matrix... then again liberals are just plain delusional no matter what. oncoming fist ,offensive
10732,0, accuser actually needs to be investigated. it is interesting she whiped all her social media accounts. was she an antifa member? ,not-offensive
10733,0,  I will be worried the day conservatives support trudeau. quelled surprise they do not like the way he is handling something. ,not-offensive
10734,0,  crooked ,not-offensive
10735,0, yay!  look at the liberals complaining yet again! ,not-offensive
10736,0,    why does everyone else get attacked by antifa type groups who never go to jail and also gets extreme negative media coverage that insights the violence. except liblabcon? why?  stitchup ,not-offensive
10737,1,should of known she would not show up! only accuse is in the dems playbook! when will people start understanding that the radical have taken over the party!   confirmkavanaugh  maga  wednesdaywisdom  forttrump  1linewed ,offensive
10738,0, this is what happens when liberals get in control ,not-offensive
10739,0,                                                  thanks awake. love you guys. person raising hand‍female sign️🇺🇸red heart following all patriots. ,not-offensive
10740,0,ad 1745  jacobite rising of bonnie prince charlie ,not-offensive
10741,0, i should make a “sam has new hair and she is fabulous” sign that i have on my person for when we are together ,not-offensive
10742,1,   we do know she belongs to the violent liberal antifa party who with  their kkk hoods beat up total strangers and are funded to do so by her party. most violent and corrupt party trying to now pour on the tears and get us to believe they have a heart. hard sell to anyone including voters! ,offensive
10743,1,  advocating for herself is ridiculous fam? ,offensive
10744,0,"     less money"""". funny.  the only person concerned with profit in healthcare is you. i and everyone else in the country want the carpet baggers to go fleece someone else, or better still, find something to do that does not involve seeking rent from essential public services."""" ",not-offensive
10745,1, fox could have sash di'd tho ,offensive
10746,0, es is fake. she willing joined them and stayed with them for months. ,not-offensive
10747,0, can you answer one question ? if you find out she is lying and that it was a set up will you still defend your party ,not-offensive
10748,0,give me a break!!   unbelievable  liberallosers  trumpman  maga  draintheswamp ,not-offensive
10749,1,  cube has shown in the past that he is not in control of this. the investors on the board run the show. and they are super cheap. ,offensive
10750,0, let me correct this. jeno is my soul and you are my mate skshsksk ,not-offensive
10751,0, whatever dude if you want to use antifa tactics you should meet the baton of the riot police ,not-offensive
10752,1, where is the fascist version of antifa? ,offensive
10753,0, did he read ‘mein kampf’ to understand hitler’s influences. that would be some photo. mike moore buying mein kampf ,not-offensive
10754,1, maybe she should drop the angry b * routine and try something funny everyone can enjoy....like non political jokes.  do not think she is capable of doing that. ,offensive
10755,1,      unicorns and antifa and rainbows and socialists and puffy hearts and feminazis and sunshine and pussy hats. and most of all resist! face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joy ,offensive
10756,0, boycott nfl and nike !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ,not-offensive
10757,0, but you are? give me a break! ,not-offensive
10758,1,  queen of rap face with stuck out tongue other bitches can knot relate ,offensive
10759,0," as a liberal, I have long been insulted when leftists call themselves liberals."""""""" ",not-offensive
10760,0, he is doing it to everyone he do not like ,not-offensive
10761,0, remember when liberals were called the snowflakes? conservatives now have the sads about a hollywood award show. ,not-offensive
10762,0, sadiqkhan't says me must remember  children in  warzones?  does this include  london mr  mayor? your balloon had more substance than you!   mayoroflondon  maga  mbga  mega  mcga  conservatives  patriots ,not-offensive
10763,1,  that is why i was so disgusted with him today. i do not know why he thought this was a celebration. but he thinks everything is about him. i will not ever be able to forget the horrible things that he is done. ,offensive
10764,0,"     apparently the free market"""" narrative is not convenient today.  I am so tired of hearing about free markets from conservatives who then turn around and pick winners and losers in the market."""" ",not-offensive
10765,0, he is eating instead of sleeping! what is new ,not-offensive
10766,0, well she is a “christian.” face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
10767,1,   ....except not all millennials are for gun control. ,offensive
10768,0,  why are both eyes open if your aiming??face with tears of joyface with tears of joyflushed face and you liberals want a war with conservatives face with tears of joy. best of luck snowflakethumbs upmedium light skin tone ,not-offensive
10769,1, oh i fucking love latex hmu ifu got q's I have been using it for years ,offensive
10770,0,did you want or need a job  maga  magarallyrules  maga2020  trumpsupporters  womenfortrump ,not-offensive
10771,0,he can shout out to me any time he wishes....  maga thank you sir!  ,not-offensive
10772,0,  imagine having a “do not tread on me” avi while simultaneously allowing both antifa and the police to tread on you. ,not-offensive
10773,0," endorse my sandwich!"""" could catch on as an imprecation, like """"blow me down!"""" or """"fuck my old boots!""""   and do not worry    igor is under strict instructions to eschew any virgin who has partaken of gm crops."""" ",not-offensive
10774,0,  you may be able to reconnect now. mind trying for us? crossed fingers ,not-offensive
10775,0,   the splc have also listed antifa and blm as well soooo... ,not-offensive
10776,0,3  this is why our politicians must act on strict gun control and robust support for mental health care. any solution based on fear or greed is simply a fallacy.  thanks    for taking these matters seriously. ,not-offensive
10777,1, you kept a scj seat open for over a year with merrick garland. it is not fair to push kavanaugh thru. he is the most unpopular nominee ever. the american people deserve better than this. the woman deserves better than this. ,offensive
10778,1, got to give him credit where its due he may not be a mason but he is out there competing his ass off ,offensive
10779,0, he is like really smart. ,not-offensive
10780,0,   it sounds like joe is channeling all conservatives who have been under attack by liberals all these years. is this what they call transference? ,not-offensive
10781,1,  here come the beta liberals laugh my ass off *convo muted you can cry all day to yourselves. ,offensive
10782,0, i hope he traded this winter as he is the worst defensive catcher I have ever seen itsnot even funny anymore as 14 passed balls in only 71 games? wow.... that is nuts ,not-offensive
10783,0,here is an awesome video of alex jones invading capitol hill watch as he tells off the mainstream media  fakenews  wednesdaywisdom  maga  trump  vaxxed  readthebook  cdcwhistleblower  vaccineholocaust      ,not-offensive
10784,0, looks at this! wow. our hard earned money money bagused for the liberals extravagant lifestyle. does not that remind you of the typical socialist government!! ,not-offensive
10785,0, leave it to cbc to turn a bad story for the libs into a critical piece on the conservatives ,not-offensive
10786,0, you are my sunshine my only sunshine beating heartmusical notes ,not-offensive
10787,0,stand with america!  notwithkap  boycottnike  maga ,not-offensive
10788,1, josh i am not fucking a loli robot ,offensive
10789,0,     always has been a tory ! ,not-offensive
10790,0,        he is a sexual being face savouring delicious food ,not-offensive
10791,0,    antifa has new uniforms? ,not-offensive
10792,1,  this is ridiculous. she is going to have to vote for him at this point or it will be apparent she accepts bribes. ,offensive
10793,0, try meditation and breathing techniques! ,not-offensive
10794,0, what would this line putz know about what conservatives think? ,not-offensive
10795,1,   and people still think this administration is the greatest since sliced bread. ridiculous. ,offensive
10796,1, exactly... they are all bitter ,offensive
10797,0, liberals still do not understand what evidence is. color me shocked ,not-offensive
10798,0,i did not know this.  great job  california !   maga ,not-offensive
10799,0,  watch out you may start a benghazi.. ,not-offensive
10800,0, i think the reality is that he is ‘truth phobic ‘ ,not-offensive
10801,0, oh stop. you r only defending him because you r both conservatives. if i liberal had been accused you would believe the women right away. go yell at someone in a toll booth and spare us all please. ,not-offensive
10802,0,  yeah I am thinking he might too.  he is working on sam and he has kaycee convinced he will not target her due to lgbqt.  i need a mega phone!! ,not-offensive
10803,1, what an empty soul you have. ,offensive
10804,1, she is a vile rat of a woman. ,offensive
10805,0, why do you take her side. it is been 35 years and no proof so because you are women and liberals  you can not think. none of her story adds up. this is a political setup to win. ,not-offensive
10806,1,". rates  claim that the safe act is the nation's toughest gun control law mostly false."""" ",offensive
10807,1,  is no one considering the fact that russia might be using antifa to spread black propaganda??? remember the berlin wall??? ,offensive
10808,1, “let us just say she is the most selfish writer I have ever come to know.” ,offensive
10809,1, these cowards are not ready..  maga 🇺🇸 ,offensive
10810,0," it is called fds or otherwise commonly known as not getting your way"""". antifa members hard at work. face with tears of joy"""" ",not-offensive
10811,0,  why she is an embarrassment 2 the whole bravo viewing audience he needs 2 b kicked 2 the curb quickly no man is worth my dignity ,not-offensive
10812,0, you are the besth ,not-offensive
10813,1,  the burden of proof is on ford. she should put up or shut up. she is not credible by any stretch. ,offensive
10814,0,"   but again, these legal concepts have nothing to do with the need to regulate the purchase and possession of weapons, which is already regulated.  we currently have gun control"""" and restrictions on 2nd amendment rights.  try to bring a gun into a courthouse."""" ",not-offensive
10815,0,1 week watch nike stock plummet.. the liberals can not keep nike afloat..  boycottnike   macy's still has not rebounded ! ,not-offensive
10816,0, empower the absolutely unemployable. ,not-offensive
10817,1,  I will add one more  did you realize that conservatives would decide that certain men should get a pass for sexual assault? ,offensive
10818,0,      she is amazing!! ,not-offensive
10819,0,another russian mod  maga fail ,not-offensive
10820,0, hello angel I am really sorry to bother you with my message i can not help it you are too beautiful. this is for you smiling face with heart eyestulipwilted flowerrosebouquet ,not-offensive
10821,1,"  regarding the story i think I am going to kill the president"""", why is it reporters """"never"""" follow up on how a convicted felon could obtain, in this case, 6 guns? what is the police doing about, or would that bring light to the gun control issue? bias?"""" ",offensive
10822,0, warriors coach fundraising for gun control brady pac ,not-offensive
10823,1,  oh yes. he is a coward. ,offensive
10824,0,  only liberals sexuality children’s puppets.   tuesdaythoughts ,not-offensive
10825,0,manhattan liberals bus north to campaign for dem congressional candidate via   college  maga  donaldtrump ,not-offensive
10826,1,  the us open has treated her poorly with the whole controversy over her outfit.  bottom line is she was treated differently because she is a women of color and this would never happen to a man.  the usta better soon recognize that she is women’s tennis and act accordingly!! ,offensive
10827,1, bitch what do you mean? get it by pristin? no? ,offensive
10828,1, i bet they all have 'fitted' waists. because women are meant to look 'hourglass' even when they do not give a shit. ,offensive
10829,0,*a shooting happens in a country with gun control laws for the first time in literally decades*  you all  but the gun laws should have prevented this unga bunga this is why gun control sucks bet you dummies wish you had guns  *meanwhile another school shooting happens in america* ,not-offensive
10830,0,   wow!  i like this lady more and more!!!  she is such a fighter and a blessing!!! ,not-offensive
10831,0,   only when you vote out the liberals and ndp! ,not-offensive
10832,0,"  repeatedly re announcing previous measures and funding that do not come in effect until a future date and only serve to help housebuilders make more profit is not going to solve the housing crisis"""" created by labour and made worse by  ",not-offensive
10833,1,  truth. all you need to do is see what any of them threaten if even moderate gun control proposals are seriously talked about. ,offensive
10834,0,  the usa is not a democracy. the usa is a constitutional republic!  take a civics class! ,not-offensive
10835,1, nigga you are tweeting in the shower ???? i hope siri drown ,offensive
10836,1, damn i felt this shit. why you so loud laughing out loud ,offensive
10837,0, i think you are so in need of a dairy queen. ,not-offensive
10838,1," that is very true theresa. most of those mps however call themselves conservatives"""" oddly enough."""" ",offensive
10839,0,   the reason you do not get my point is you do not understand what the priesthood or holy orders is as a sacrament.   i can only do so much re  educating people about the catholic faith. try the catechism of the council of trent. ,not-offensive
10840,0, another funny thing is how they refer favorably to japan because of gun control but admonish japan for their refugee policies thinking facethinking face ,not-offensive
10841,0,9. you are cute all the time ,not-offensive
10842,0, nikes attempt to alienate more than half the country grabbed so much attention nobody noticed levi’s going full gun control and partnering with the clowns from everytown. if a leftist company goes woke and nobody notices does it make a sound? ,not-offensive
10843,0,   the ultra left thugaratti are no joke either.  let us together condemn both.  antifa? colleges that riot over ben shapiro speaking?  i definitely condemn any threats against her. ,not-offensive
10844,0, mueller  doj  fbi  cia  lawenforcement  policestate   proof all law enforcement are paramilitary goons for the communist leftwing  dnc and will do anything to solidify their grip on power.   conservatives should seriously question their support of police.  ,not-offensive
10845,0,  he is revolting. ,not-offensive
10846,0,   emo thank you and keep up the good work all of you for fighting against the  fakenews of the msm by tweeting and retweeting what is true! good work! you are  maga! ,not-offensive
10847,0, he will never live this down! you know he is furious! can you imagine what world leaders will be thinking when they meet himdouble exclamation mark️face screaming in fear ,not-offensive
10848,1,  security are paid to protect you from trash and crazy people ,offensive
10849,0, i would not say I am conflicted   article 7 would be justified   but you are right in stating that the really important decision will be taken  or postponed  inside the  the sargentini report was but a prelude. those who want  orban out should now push harder. ,not-offensive
10850,0, super sexyred heartsmiling face with heart eyesOK hand ,not-offensive
10851,1, what insanely ridiculous bullshit. ,offensive
10852,0," his endorsement of cindy hyde smith is a major disconnect. she is a former"""" democrat with a shady gun control past."""" ",not-offensive
10853,1, you have lost your mind. that shit is unsanitary af. ,offensive
10854,0, I am not surprised. it takes a sick woman to make this type of accusations. the kind you can only find on the far left. liberals are praying that the really weak members of the gop like collins and flake will pull back their support. ,not-offensive
10855,0,  i love your movies so much and i think you are amazing and beautiful ,not-offensive
10856,0,     yes usually in those countries people kill gays because religion advise them to do it and try to point this out and antifa will beat you.  no matter how you try in america to help gay in those countries it will have no effect because those ppl hate america. ,not-offensive
10857,0,all aboard   maga ,not-offensive
10858,0,  that would be antifa! ,not-offensive
10859,1,  many arrests have taken place. socialist media not covering of course. the coming arrests will  make socialists heads explode. wwg1wga! maga! drain the swamp! build the wall! ,offensive
10860,0, face with tears of joy liberals know how the avg voter feels like with the bs govts says n dnt do after ,not-offensive
10861,0, she is back ! ,not-offensive
10862,0," reimu just chuckles over how stern kogasa is but... it does feel nice knowing she cares a lot. also... one of her hands maaayy be stroking kogasas back while she is trying to keep steady.  heh. as long as no pesky youkai tries to go at you, I will take a nice vacation ."""""""" ",not-offensive
10863,0, he is the sweetest i swearsparkling heart ,not-offensive
10864,1, shocking.  consider most of the country wants smart gun control. not the wild wild west like you espouse. ,offensive
10865,0,   i understand how you feel but that is something the liberals would do.  they go low. we do not.  please. we are not antifa. they are  we are not going around shooting at conservatives. they do. we are not the lying communist socialist lowlifes. they r let us not act like they do. thank you ,not-offensive
10866,1,  liberals as per odia standards backhand index pointing up....rw is liberal when it comes to my state rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
10867,1, it bothers me because i feel whoever still supports him is just as racist as he is.  I am half black and my daughters and daughter are black so i do not get how my family does not see anything wrong with supporting him. ,offensive
10868,0, and people think gun control will stop violence? ,not-offensive
10869,1, risking his own ass laughing out loud ,offensive
10870,0, aww bradley you are so cute ,not-offensive
10871,0," because across the country everyone recognizes high handed authoritarian gerrymandering and democratic subversion. only self serving ontario conservatives"""" speak for this."""" ",not-offensive
10872,0, holy shit ,not-offensive
10873,0,  she is lying to you... she is outright lying... ,not-offensive
10874,0, i am the antifa super soldier ,not-offensive
10875,1, god did not appoint trump. the devil appointed him and i will make sure i do my part to make sure he does not get reelected by voting.   he is no pious man and definitely not even spiritual.  he is the scum of this earth. ,offensive
10876,0, can someone please explain to these liberals that it takes more than clapping and kneeling to actually make a real difference ,not-offensive
10877,1,                      why do white liberals imagine white people have some power?  white people have been trained for generations not be racially aware.  white liberals are the most anti white racists i know.  what power do you imagine white people have that other people do not? ,offensive
10878,1, apparently this pos does not know that viacom bought out bet. it went from black ownership to white ownershiprolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
10879,0, it is about time the  gunsense crowd started calling for police to be disarmed. no more gun control exceptions for the police! at least you are being more logically consistent in your quest to have criminals be the only ones with guns. person facepalming‍male sign️face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
10880,1, call bullsh t just poor losser ,offensive
10881,0, usa  trump  maga  kag we know that  china  russia  hollywood  soros  saudiarabia  thecatholics all fund and support  liberal  democrat politicians who is funding and supporting  conservatives??? ,not-offensive
10882,1, if only martin were as obsessed about christ as he is with homosexuality. ,offensive
10883,0, idk if she is but she is black coded....the bonet sets it off ,not-offensive
10884,1,       david calling for lynn to resign is an reckless and irresponsible statement and needs to resign immediately as he is unfit do hold any position anywhere.   see what i did there. ,offensive
10885,0, you are a legend and one of the best presenters on   we want to see! ,not-offensive
10886,0, well now the liberals have finally destroyed sesame street. what is left? ,not-offensive
10887,0,  anything against a conservative must be believed. liberals get a pass. ,not-offensive
10888,1,    you are two nutcases. obviously. ,offensive
10889,0, thank you mr president for helping to  maga ,not-offensive
10890,1,"    fascists andnazis do not abide by patriotic views shared in their presence. glad the brownshirt arm  antifa  of the left was not there to inflict the usual violence vs citizens who dare to speak. do you hear that, dems who enjoy wings beer country music? you are less than.""""  walkaway"""" ",offensive
10891,0,          well then ... let us kick the tires and light the fires!   maga  wwg1wga  kag    liberalismisamentaldisorder ,not-offensive
10892,0,  the radical social media antifa type can go hang. ,not-offensive
10893,0," liberals would still vote for him. they will claim his comments were taken out of context and that he is still a man of integrity."""""""" ",not-offensive
10894,1, do not talk shit about 48 laws ,offensive
10895,1,   no maybe because you are a hateful buttmunch. we reap what we sew ,offensive
10896,0,"   1. after she lost, she focused on her opponent.  so you are when they lose...""""  serena was not losing. she is never losing until that last point. 2.  you can say she screamed  it was loud there , i use the word defended her integrity."""" ",not-offensive
10897,0,"  the old guilty because we liberals say so..."""" ploy."""" ",not-offensive
10898,0, i think he is hurt ,not-offensive
10899,1,   useful idiots for international communism just like antifa today. ,offensive
10900,0, mdzs2018  day 15 character deserves more love   wen ning  she is a beautiful and innocent person deserves all the love of the world her personality is very adorable gives me the need to protect him to adopt. ,not-offensive
10901,1, notokavanaugh  he will reverse roe vs wade women's rights he will support special interest he will pardon trump if indicted he will destroy american healthcare act aca he will favor the nra and stop gun control he will vote against lgbtq rights he will violate immigrants ,offensive
10902,0,  nice!!!!! you are so welcome!! ,not-offensive
10903,0,   he is adorable ,not-offensive
10904,0,"  i would not be so confident in her exclusion if i were you, if she is not in oh well"""", but if she is, you may have a lot of """"told ya so is"""" by different people"""" ",not-offensive
10905,0, release the kraken!!   wwg1wga!!  maga!! ,not-offensive
10906,1, go crash another plane. ,offensive
10907,0," laughing out loud religion of peace"""" am i right fellow classical liberals? izlam totes needs a reformation"""" ",not-offensive
10908,0, lol! you are correct     ,not-offensive
10909,0, she is not a radical but you are so far right you are kemp. you refused to pay any attention to what the people of georgia want and need. that will be your undoing. ,not-offensive
10910,1, really another one holy crap wow all brought to you by the liberals. ,offensive
10911,0,"    even in the spd there is the believe, the antifa has a legitimate reason"""""""" ",not-offensive
10912,0, yes respecting the studio's budget and shift in demographic but let us be honest. we want more. ᴳᵉᵗᵗᶦⁿᵍ ᴵⁿᵈᵉˣ ³ ᶦˢ ᵗʰᵉ ᶠᶦʳˢᵗ ˢᵗᵉᵖ ,not-offensive
10913,0,   there are people and groups who do want to ban certain guns or guns in general. yes nra was pro gun control. however now gun laws are just being made after every incident with huge amount of bureaucracy. ,not-offensive
10914,1,  good morning! i just followed you back! let us give these crazy liberals hell! ,offensive
10915,1,   disclaimer  my views do not necessarily reflect the views of our potus and all conservatives  ladies charged by nature to guard vagina. ,offensive
10916,0, and tell us the context... how much has overall network tv viewership gone down during the same period? oh about the same? snooze... ,not-offensive
10917,0, you can not pretend to care about women when only those attacking conservatives count. got it? clapping handsclapping handsclapping hands 🤪 ,not-offensive
10918,0, babble!!! ,not-offensive
10919,0,  you are asking for evidence to prove that it was not a double standard and then excuse it before you see the evidence. I have watched tennis for years. i already know a double standard exists. i do not know how you can question it. ,not-offensive
10920,0,  islamists antifa leftists would not allow us to lay a wreath in memory of the 9 11 victims ,not-offensive
10921,0, you need to see a doctor my man ,not-offensive
10922,1, yeap she is politically a lame duck already dead politically ,offensive
10923,0,   it all adds up   she was bought ,not-offensive
10924,1, a dying sport ,offensive
10925,0, ever heard of antifa or soros? now now that is radical. ,not-offensive
10926,1, sorry you are a socialist!! i contributed to ted cruz!! sick of liberals ,offensive
10927,1, shut the fuck upppp kliff I am bigger than you and gayer than you so do not try any shit ,offensive
10928,0, she is laugh my ass off ,not-offensive
10929,1,why is not peter strzok and lisa page in jail? they are traitors to the united states and it is people! the us does not have a two tiered system for lawbreakers.  lockthemallup   deepstate   draintheswamp   maga  walkaway   impeachjeffsessions   doj ??? ,offensive
10930,0, hey ontario the liberals took billions from you and gave it to multi national companies calling it a green energy plan do not worry your on hook for another 19 years...as for real viable alternatives beyond hiding more taxes...they had nothing... fordnation this is up to you ,not-offensive
10931,1,   liberals complain of not having time to evaluate records but they sit on an anonymous letter for weeks and wait like a criminal to assassinate the character of a good man at the end.despicable.         ,offensive
10932,1,                                                  I am sure it is just all democratic political pay for play ,offensive
10933,0,.drew your cat gorl while at work and while you are streaming  d   ,not-offensive
10934,0, he is desperate to get into the white house so he can shut down any investigations that go straight to obama and biden. ,not-offensive
10935,0,do it q.  firerosenstein  lisapage  peterstrzok  maga  lockherup  qanon   qclearancepatriot  qclearance    americafirst   u1  uraniumone  lockherupalready  uraniumonedeal      ,not-offensive
10936,0,      true justice is coming soon! maga our justice. ,not-offensive
10937,0,    ok..... you are wrong ,not-offensive
10938,1, time for canadians to let all liberals if no trade deal in two months no vote for any liberal mp! make that our red line. it  makes no sense trump has been able to secure trade deals around the world but canada! obvious to anyone with a brain failure is trudeau! he has failed! ,offensive
10939,0, an obvious last minute liberal ploy to delay confirmation. more dirty tricks since the liberals lost the previous election. ,not-offensive
10940,0, i wonder why you needed to bring up this point when i did not mention anything about that. but it seems like you are uncomfortable talking about race. ,not-offensive
10941,0,   nice. ,not-offensive
10942,0,   I will accept your framing if you accept that it is perfectly legit for me to say vox contributes meaningfully to antifa violence and the internment of uighur muslims in china. call it a deal ,not-offensive
10943,0,  apparently durbin has amnesia ,not-offensive
10944,1, he is a liar ,offensive
10945,0, she is such a ham!!!! ,not-offensive
10946,1,  nope. it is clear and you are lying. also every accusation against known child molester  roymoore was true. conservatives love  r apists. ,offensive
10947,0,      brexit is the single most important political issue of the day. the mayor of london with the biggest direct democratic mandate in the uk needs to have a view. ,not-offensive
10948,1, horrible. ,offensive
10949,0, it is still here at 753. if someone did this to her or her family she would be enraged. she is what  has let loose. ,not-offensive
10950,1,  strong character?...strong character? anybody as bitter as she is for being a sore loser has no character! ,offensive
10951,0,  wait for it...gun control...oh wait hoggy boy is in canada rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing ,not-offensive
10952,1, disgusting liberals have no shame!!! ,offensive
10953,0,   he is. ,not-offensive
10954,1,  I am sorry but damn she is hot as fuck ,offensive
10955,1, the funniest thing about her is how easily triggered she is!!! well that and how ugly she is ,offensive
10956,0,53 high school students murdered in texas with 9mm taurus semiautomatic. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,not-offensive
10957,0, got to love susan sarandron's response..... ,not-offensive
10958,0,"   i want to make clear i do not think gun control"""" is the answer people are looking for as far as gun violence is concerned. i do find that people should focus on mental health and bullying in schools if they want to address the root of the problem."""" ",not-offensive
10959,1, serenawilliams yes she should be boycotted.  she is a nasty bit of work. ,offensive
10960,0, funny and  hilarious  meme for  brexit people to deal with  remainers .. as they simply have failed to put up a single argument and i am sure they are all  leftists   hardbrexit  mbga  maga  mcga  mega  conservatives  patriots ,not-offensive
10961,0, he *is* the dba.  i had a quiet word with him afterwards about v datafile ,not-offensive
10962,1,   what a piece of shit ,offensive
10963,1,       bibi so looks like stalin when stalin was younger.  maybe he is starting to act like him a tad. china is never your friend. ,offensive
10964,0, presidenttrump wins law suit    ca court overturns  guncontrol law...   goa  nra  gunrights  selfdefense  a2  firearms  molonlabe  guns  kag  secondamendment  ccot  pjnet  gunfreezones  maga  usconstitution  via  ,not-offensive
10965,0,  he is on the island dummy ,not-offensive
10966,0,. “thatcher had an agenda  to crush the voice of the working people.”  and  are doing the same again today.   join a trade union.   join the  party.   imwithdave  ,not-offensive
10967,1,  god i do not know how your did not punch carole at the reunion. she is a smug asshole. i know you are dealing with a lot. i hope you are well. ,offensive
10968,1,      what kind of dumb shit am i going to read next ,offensive
10969,1,  doubling down was absolutely stupid. you never double down on a pair of eights! ,offensive
10970,1, log does not give a shit i bet he eats nachos in the middle of the night in his underwear ,offensive
10971,0,  you are reciting conspiracy theories now. have fun with that. ,not-offensive
10972,1, you are yesterday’s  fakenews trying to make a comeback at the desperation and obstruction of do nothing  liberals and  democrats. who cares what happened when you were a minor in high school. you are not the victim here. just another metoo sexual misconduct baiter and switcher. ,offensive
10973,0,   different story now he is attacking liberals is not it thinking faceneutral face ... he is been doing this this since  killgough was not an issue back then tho  apparently   auspol ,not-offensive
10974,0,    he is the lord. ,not-offensive
10975,1," it really sucks when commies atheists liberals refugees and anyone who is not one of  us  uses our"""" precious tax dollars...."""" ",offensive
10976,0, its a hail mary pass to show her constituents that she is fighting so that she can get reelected. i think this will backfire against  democrats. i hope you all watched justice ginsburg and thomas one c span saying that this nomination is a ridiculous display against a qualified man ,not-offensive
10977,0, ....and about “fast and furious” ,not-offensive
10978,0,2 say god's name anywhere is 4 the brave heaven is 4 those who r mighty in courage   weak people are political correct because they live in darkness  liberals are strong in evil n dark ways they like the dark  if they say god's name light shines over them  they fearful face of god's light ,not-offensive
10979,0, omg! she is so cute green heartgreen heartgreen heart ,not-offensive
10980,0, liberals support conflicting viewpoints just to score political points. power is an ugly business. ,not-offensive
10981,1, why is antifa upset with  “prof.” blasé ford? antifa is the group that harrasses and threatens people at their homes. ,offensive
10982,0,    activist whack job colluding with liberals to pull a dirty and precisely timed political hit ,not-offensive
10983,0, pathetic  loser only utah would allow this 2 happen.  wakeupamerica utah slc judges liberals     so sorry  elizabethsmart red heart ,not-offensive
10984,1, so you are saying this official is suppose to go back and recall every other violation that was let go and than rule?  silly ass argument.  she was out of line he called it.  that is like saying billy martin did not get thrown out in 1975 so how can buck showalter get thrown out ,offensive
10985,1,  he is one who should not own a gun such a lost soul—all he needs is  jesus christ latin cross️ ,offensive
10986,0,     i think you are overlooking the fact the democrats had both houses of congress and the presidency and did nothing.  but gun control would work as well as the war on drugs has. ,not-offensive
10987,1,  wth dude!!! seriously..... you are going to critique this?!?  take your sorry liberal self to an antifa protest ,offensive
10988,0, schumer also wanted the irs to go after conservatives and the tea party organizations during the obama administration. chucky the clown wants president trump impeached so stop voting for democrats. tell chuck to confirm 400 nominees  still waiting to do their job. ,not-offensive
10989,1,  and yet millions of permit holding people carried legally concealed firearms that same day and did not hurt themselves or anyone else.   but yet they want to have stronger gun control.   idiots!  🤨  our wonderful media has to hype incidents that fits their agenda. ,offensive
10990,1,   when we satan call him home  soros. ,offensive
10991,0,  ya niggas ,not-offensive
10992,0,     no it is genetic.   being racial is not racist  this was co opted by the liberals and twisted into something it is not.   the actual definition of racism is thinking one race is better or inferior to another race    so  looking out for your own race  does not meet the definition ,not-offensive
10993,0,     you just said publicly aligns with neo nazis. i asked which and you can not answer got it. source for your “ambush tactics” please. by your definitions I am not sure you know what a paramilitary is. do you classify antifa as paramilitary? ,not-offensive
10994,0,president trump flying into las vegas to host maga rally ,not-offensive
10995,1, hell did they boycott mcenroe.....this is too much!! ,offensive
10996,0, I am sorry you think  is telling you the truth on his twitter feed.  he is not.  he is an employee of the  and gets paid to lie.  it is his job. ,not-offensive
10997,1,  he is desperately trying to deflect. this is what jordan and nunes have been wanting. trump does not care who he endangers. fck trump ,offensive
10998,0, you are going to become of kod just like the famous  ,not-offensive
10999,0, there is a full blown coup d'etat going on between the deep state and the liberals for everything they can do to try and get trump out of power and it is absolutely ridiculous and should be against the law ,not-offensive
11000,1, dnc corruption ,offensive
11001,0, is not express entry a taxi cab to  roxhamroad ?? no paperwork. no line ups. police carry your bags. you are put up in a hotel. you are given  50k by the liberals. ,not-offensive
11002,0, wemarchforourlives   enoughisenough..what say you   we need  solves guns special... and the usa fall election     focused electing only those for actual gun control dump old  dnc  gop   with  empowerment 4action ,not-offensive
11003,0, that is your opinion. barbz attacked remy the same way. now she is acceptable? cardi is 26. nicki’s flow and style changed in the beginning of her career. ,not-offensive
11004,1, fuck the wall. more american white or black men kill way more than any immigrant. gun control would help way more. ,offensive
11005,1," police state tyrant liberals love the word dangerous"""" when gaslighting their sheep."""" ",offensive
11006,1,     do not cancel the vote on kavanaugh. do not fall prey to the lying filthy liberals.  tell flake to shut up.  america is sick of this bs from the left! ,offensive
11007,0," the letter could be seen as a dog whistle to antifa to inform them about the event and jeopardize the safety of possible attendees.""""  except it was an internal email. how is that a dog whistle?"""" ",not-offensive
11008,1," rené, it is not your fault.""""  she does not specify just what is not.  all of it.  he did not make his father do anything.  his father chose to be the coward he was.  at he question, her hand rose to her throat, clasping it lightly. she is ravenous.  she has been for some time """" ",offensive
11009,0,.     fake conservatives and their fake outrage over the budget betrayal ,not-offensive
11010,0,  ummm last time we checked chicago already has gun control... the atrocious gun violence did not start with trump... ,not-offensive
11011,0,       ok lang admin we understand. praying that you overcome whatever problems or hardships you are into right now through our lord jesus christ.  francisaglabtin2tulognalang ,not-offensive
11012,1,  true but the constant talk from the left about common sense gun control every time and yet not one valid proposal ,offensive
11013,0, i hope this is not true but it is another good death nail in the liberals chances. amazing how they have no respect for the money of hard working canadians ,not-offensive
11014,0, what exactly does he think he is going to do? he should be careful about how he goes around issuing sly theats. ,not-offensive
11015,1, why are not you speaking out against the injustices that are still occurring to the windrush generation black britons whose records theresa may destroyed as home secretary and whom now she is deporting as prime minister?  institutionalracism ,offensive
11016,1,  she should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.  the tragic waste of such a beautiful person!  her incompetency and hasty judgment has ruined his family and friends lives.  i know she is devastated but that is little comfort to his loved ones.pensive facefolded handsmedium light skin tone ,offensive
11017,0, 3 pitches right down the middle while no one else is having trouble with this guy. its unbelievable he is playing with the season on the line ,not-offensive
11018,1, that is a lie...your antifa lefties are nothing but violent. this teacher spent a lot of time planning this attack on an honorable man with zero evidence. no reason at all to hold up kavanaugh! another crazy liberal hit job!! ,offensive
11019,1, another has been trying to get back in the spotlight paul mccartney go back to england shut up ,offensive
11020,1,"  do you have evidence that trump did not collude with russia?   duuuueerrrrhhh, he said so...maga!"""" ",offensive
11021,0, you are in my top 3. among the syndicate boss are  and  I am sure the 3 of you are ready to retire happy knowing this. lol. been a fan since lgnandf! we have all grown up. ,not-offensive
11022,0,  states. kavanaugh will destroy any chance at federal gun control in our lifetime. ,not-offensive
11023,0, and  supporting the right to peacefully protest.  supporting sensible gun control.  thank you for supporting america!!  ford  we respect the right of nfl players to protest    cnnmoney ,not-offensive
11024,1,   mcenroe is a fucking legend. and he hurled abuse at everyone! now he appears in commercials yelling at people and movies yelling at people. he is an icon. do you think it is fair? ,offensive
11025,0,       they did have a trial just a separation. over 500 kids without their parents and lowlifes like you are thrilled about it. ,not-offensive
11026,0, thank you... she is my world  cartersbodysuitsweepstakes ,not-offensive
11027,1,2nd highest prop tax in nation to support gov pensions 1 of 3 states where housing is worst investment more rent for less valuable housing nations most severe increase in personal tax illinois sucks thanks to cook county liberals and corrupt  mike madigan ,offensive
11028,0,                                              he truly is projecting. prior to coming on this thread it does not seem he had any interactions on twitter just a lonely boy trolling conservatives. ,not-offensive
11029,1,     he had 1 offer since june! the shitty browns that is it!! stop thinking he is still good you are living in the past ,offensive
11030,1,"   bret, maybe you are just running away because you pretended to be an expert and got pounded into submission by a girl.  all you did was assume and demand proof, i provided. you provided 'your say so. in terms of debating, you lost. have a nice day."""" ",offensive
11031,1,      this is the antifa party and all of a sudden they expect us to believe they care about anyone besides themselves. nope. ,offensive
11032,0,just watching a horizon show  about scientists that discovered a dna mix between humans and neanderthals.would have thought trump getting elected would have been proof enough.  maga ,not-offensive
11033,1, the democrat years in power. we remember those women well. too bad liberals are hypocrites of the worst kind. ,offensive
11034,0, gd i thought he lost his voice? ,not-offensive
11035,0, historically that is usually the case. ,not-offensive
11036,0,"17 yrs ago today, president bush  you know, the one liberals are calling cute""""  signed into law the 2001 authorization for the use of military force   aumf . it has been used to """"authorize"""" over 37 military actions in 14 countries since   without additional congressional action. ",not-offensive
11037,1, watched the press conf with trump and heard him say how much we will make when poland pays us to put in a military base. he is a dottering demented fool who really believes that his goal is for america to make money. you hear it in all he says. this is not a hotel. ,offensive
11038,0, and millions of us conservatives  will be marching to the polls. ,not-offensive
11039,0, because to liberals being a white mail is disqualifying. it is attempt to muzzle gop on sjc. graham  allegedly a gay white male  should take point if he has it in him. might save him a primary figjt ,not-offensive
11040,0,  maybe he thinks he is. ,not-offensive
11041,1,"23 70 or do they say, he is possessed""""? nay, he has brought them the truth, but most of them hate the truth."""" ",offensive
11042,0, advocate for gun control while breaking the current gun laws in place...  irony ,not-offensive
11043,1,     she raps likes she will pop off but the only thing she popped was her butt implant. now remy is skinner than her even while pregnant ,offensive
11044,0,must read  delay the kavanaugh vote.  this senate is singularly ill equipped to assess the allegations against trump’s supreme court nominee.    via    postponethevote  maga  ncpol ,not-offensive
11045,1," tough crap mazie! there should be a me too"""" for men with false accusations against them as well as those hurt by democrat lies, false accusations, biased government agencies, biased media sensationalism and antifa bullies etc......"""" ",offensive
11046,1, i was not given the option to stay home and stack money but i always tell people if the opportunity is given take it person shruggingmedium dark skin tone‍female sign️   shit hell out here ,offensive
11047,1, 100  he is the messi of goalkeeping goat ,offensive
11048,0, which blood if you like baff in the blood you dun see am. breez and nips is that you are looking ehen that one you just looked at nao ehen smiling face with open mouth   closed eyessmiling face with open mouth   cold sweat ,not-offensive
11049,0, he is not to be trusted ,not-offensive
11050,1,  who really listens to those post menapausal angry yentas except hardcore liberals and femanazis? ,offensive
11051,0,   republicans should make stand and demand proofs of any allegations by liberals.  country has wasted too much time investigating back to back false allegations by liberals.  it has not left us any time to investigate their corruptions. ,not-offensive
11052,0, which side has  antifa and the  handmaids? who you calling “radical” ,not-offensive
11053,0, kind of like what trump does all the time huh? ,not-offensive
11054,0, how can pelosi be speaker? she is mentally impaired ,not-offensive
11055,0,  he is! it is his first regression too xd ,not-offensive
11056,0, and I will never pay to see another one of your movies..... ,not-offensive
11057,0,     old are you?   she looks like a baby. makes me wonder what she is doing in this kind of business.    can we sit?   i motion to the couch but i look to dion for approval. i know i have no right to ask her or him to include me in their business.   ,not-offensive
11058,0, equaljustice requires that  dems and conservatives be treated the same way under the law. ,not-offensive
11059,0,     i get what you mean though i have never personally seen any liberals complain about white conservative people immigrating here from poland or wherever. does that happen on a large scale? i guess a better way to phrase my initial point would be diverse immigration. ,not-offensive
11060,0,  check out my blog post on scooters! ,not-offensive
11061,0, you are a wonderful asset and a great influence! ,not-offensive
11062,0,  mob mentality... ,not-offensive
11063,0,   it should scare every american!  she is playing hockey with a warped puck! ,not-offensive
11064,1,   i suggest that you get worser jobs as you are just what they do not want. you might of even been in the same office. you might of been arguing with yourself. your just both gay ,offensive
11065,1, unless he is like that old skin bag cher.  she just coming back and coming back.  stretchedface ,offensive
11066,0,  weird ,not-offensive
11067,0,   house price increase has nothing to do with immigration. the lack of affordable housing is mainly down to this government not building any and the inflated prices are down to the banks and their lending practices.  ,not-offensive
11068,0,  only if she is to remarry does it stop. ,not-offensive
11069,1,   maybe antifa asshats? those who physically assault others for their political beliefs? democrats are no saints and neither are you! ,offensive
11070,0,  she is so cute ,not-offensive
11071,1,"     fema has contacted the senator and was told.its a tv hit you take them when you can"""" he is a liar.  if he had a set... he would put on his big girl panties and tell the truth!"""" ",offensive
11072,0,  the argument will be made that the assault was decades ago and there have been no other complaints against kavanaugh. but his lying in current and ongoing. that is enough to vote against him. he is now aligned with trump in the way he handles accusations. ,not-offensive
11073,0, you are phinnaly there! ,not-offensive
11074,0,  you are so funny ,not-offensive
11075,0, when you said you are going to add them but you did not already face with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
11076,0,  ..long live satire!  if we cannot cut to the truth in this way then we may as well call it a day...thinking facesmiling face with sunglassesOK hand ,not-offensive
11077,0,  has to be mk ultra. ,not-offensive
11078,0, another snow flake melting down.. ,not-offensive
11079,1,  investigation reveals it is highly probable it is an isis attack. worst case scenario a joint isis antifa attack ,offensive
11080,0,          like liberals? ,not-offensive
11081,0,         laugh my ass off   understanding and accepting imperical evidence and facts is a social democrat attribute.  conservatives on the other hand believe religion and trump.  what a sad state of affairs.   cult45 ,not-offensive
11082,0, your sister brie is s perfect wife and mom who loves and respect her husband she is not like you and you always loves to grab or grind with other men ,not-offensive
11083,1,  no fr! people are always on the most bullshit and I am not postponing or missing anything else because another person can not get their shit together. so if all else fails i go by myself and to be honest i end up having a better time anyway person shruggingmedium skin tone‍male sign️ ,offensive
11084,1, you ready for crazy ass racing tomorrow??? ,offensive
11085,0, keep  maga 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
11086,0,  lmfao rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing deadass ,not-offensive
11087,0, i mean it was also like the wrong setting? idk it was so random ,not-offensive
11088,0,   sheesh... conservatives should quit while they are behind.... obnoxious... ,not-offensive
11089,0,  i thought they said numbers were up? someone lied. ,not-offensive
11090,0, you are right. they seemed pretty tuned into your conspiracy with russia.  maga  trumplies ,not-offensive
11091,0,    antifa is banned by the central committee for they are not proper socialists. more pinko then red. ,not-offensive
11092,0,    ugh...you are one of those ,not-offensive
11093,0," that is almost as idiotic as the antifa disarm them"""" thing..."""" ",not-offensive
11094,0, it is about time. a civilised nation needs tougher gun control. man only backwards countries do not ,not-offensive
11095,1, i did not tweet this laughing out loud i needa get my twitter off this shit ,offensive
11096,0, he apologized. blood in the water. big mistake. ,not-offensive
11097,0,  so you think you are going to politically assassinate kavanaugh and hurt his family so deeply that he will not become a justice of united states. we conservatives win! i understand you are frightened. ,not-offensive
11098,1,   maga boy go donate to trump...he is looking for more gop suckers like you to cover up his porn stars...shhh do not let his wife know either ,offensive
11099,0,. made this show successful and relevant. i remember  saying that he brought the show to the states with  in mind because she is the epitome of “the voice.” none of their shade will delete that. ,not-offensive
11100,0,lying to the fbi is a crime         maga  magats ,not-offensive
11101,0, does anyone even care what these to useless pieces of shandt say or think? ,not-offensive
11102,0,   wow! you are good at it!thumbs upthumbs up ,not-offensive
11103,0,  it would be an interesting study if people were more gullible in victorian times...with rising of the antifa... ,not-offensive
11104,0, they both stink but i prefer andriese.  one good thing is he is not stretched out so he will only go 3 innings or so.  somehow torey will still leave him in to long though. ,not-offensive
11105,1,  and not all idiots grandstands like he did ,offensive
11106,0, 6 million dollars for 2 years left on a contract?   wth was she really doing there? ,not-offensive
11107,0,panic in dc   sessions sent letter to supreme court re  direction for him to unrecuse himself...   wwg1wga  qanon   maga  walkaway           ,not-offensive
11108,0,and this is why she is the goat ,not-offensive
11109,1,  agreed. i have better ideas  abc—let antifa beat her to death at a pro trump free speech rally.  1  ,offensive
11110,1, fuck yeah !!!! go you !!! ,offensive
11111,1,  she is the daughter of her parents.  all illogical hypocrites. ,offensive
11112,1,  are you talking about me? I am more green than maga.. sorry if my twitter grammar is not up to par for you.. my eyes are bad.. maybe you will critique my latest article too please.. i do not have well paid editors so I am sure i do slip  ,offensive
11113,1,   are you serious. man you are an idiot! he is the most hateful scum on earth. ,offensive
11114,0, you are battling with what you feel ,not-offensive
11115,0,"  he she is lying also. claiming i did not know they were dating"""" but when you look at her old tweets you can see her arguing with careeeema and saying they are dating. plus tom and z are too careful to hold hands in public. face with tears of joy"""" ",not-offensive
11116,0,"  hey you never walk alone"""" """"you got the best of me"""" """"I am the one i should love in this world"""" """"take my hand now you are the because of my euphoria"""" """"I am learning how to love myself"""" and the list just keeps growing!!!"""" ",not-offensive
11117,1,  your head about big as shit ,offensive
11118,1, shit are not gone work bruh ,offensive
11119,0,  republicans will never admit there is a  deepstate because they are part of the  deepstate! who really runs dc? federal employees and appointees most of which are liberals leftists. politicians come and go...they are there for life!  maga  rnc  gop  foxnews ,not-offensive
11120,0," i hmm thanks but you are more beautiful! """" she hugs her back and pats her head"""" ",not-offensive
11121,1,  and we pro americans are embarrassed and sick of you anti america liberals.  there are plenty of countries with the lefts ideology already in place. move there. ,offensive
11122,1,  bt1100 ass malfunction ,offensive
11123,0, did you see the response i typed face blowing a kiss you are too much fun sometimes ,not-offensive
11124,0," so wait. conservatives are crying about needing their safe spaces"""" all of the sudden. how liberal elite college of them."""" ",not-offensive
11125,0, hmm...thoughts  maga? ,not-offensive
11126,1, what a joke.  another dirty tricks democrat on the george soros payroll.  the democrat party knows no shame.   maga ,offensive
11127,0, enough said ... ,not-offensive
11128,0,stop sign truthfeed news stop sign backhand index pointing right 'schumer and feinstein go hysterical and issue unhinged demands to delay kavanaugh vote'  maga￼🇺🇸 2a  prolife ,not-offensive
11129,0,. please commit to a people's vote on brexit. the conservatives have made a pig's ear of it. ,not-offensive
11130,0, shocked???? news flash kev! kern county has the highest murder rate in the state! we need common sense gun control laws to protect the constituents in  ca23 and the nation from people who should not be allowed to own a gun!  dosomething  votethemout  voteblue2018  ,not-offensive
11131,0,         dude your sister rocks and you should be ashamed never go against the family! it shows you are a little man. ,not-offensive
11132,0,                following you anyway. ,not-offensive
11133,1,  i am canadian  .. live in the us and am ex 🇨🇦 special forces. I have handled everything from a bb gun to 155 mm howitzer  grinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyes  and tow missles and anti tank weapons.   the us  lack of  gun control is by far the fucking stupidest part of this country!   too many morons with guns ,offensive
11134,0, and the last one when she is with herself. the truest personality. ,not-offensive
11135,1, you nasty bitch ,offensive
11136,0, and then americans are going to demand christine ford face criminal charges and face jail time when she is proven to have lied. her guilt is in the fact she contacted dems not the fbi. ford did not come forward as a witness in the hearing. she is bought and paid for ,not-offensive
11137,0,  she should be treated like the man that she is. ,not-offensive
11138,1," it is kind of like when a mean old woman says that a pretty young one is ugly and untalented"""" just because she is washed up and will never look like that again. for one thing it is catty, secondly, it makes her look like a jealous hater and has been!  montel"""" ",offensive
11139,0, my pharmacist is a friend and he told me all about it last year!  thank you for opening discussing how pharmacists are being held hostage rather than tell we the people about the price fixes!  maga ,not-offensive
11140,0, will you answer my question from yesterday about whether our country could keep its law enforcement officers safer if gun control laws were not subject to the limitations of the 2nd amendment?url  alpolitics ,not-offensive
11141,1,  liberals  would not know the first thing about “doing the right thing” rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingmiddle fingermedium light skin tonemiddle fingermedium light skin tonemiddle fingermedium light skin tonemiddle fingermedium light skin tonemiddle fingermedium light skin tone ,offensive
11142,0, well said buddy well said ! you are 100 hundred points right ,not-offensive
11143,0,  yep. and if he would get rid of the bell instead of taking sacks I would be thrilled. not sure if he is aware of the rule. but you can throw the bell away ,not-offensive
11144,0, webberforcongress  nj11  maga we cannot allow  liberals to  impeach  potus  trump ,not-offensive
11145,0,   confirmkavanaugh   this folly is used to fire up the extreme progressive base.  soros'  antifa and  blm did not work. ,not-offensive
11146,0,   nothing russia ..case closed ..yawn!  maga ,not-offensive
11147,1,  invite  to all of the  shows and let her tell you about her interview with brock long. then you will know why  cult45politburo sounds so unhinged. he is parroting the fema admins line of bs.  tried to fight back against long's bs ,offensive
11148,0, imbibing at f75 if you are around. love to have a cocktail with you before i head back to denver tomorrow morn. ,not-offensive
11149,0, it just turns by itself into the wall ,not-offensive
11150,0,     he is complicit and took the money. he is going too !!! ,not-offensive
11151,0, i can not think of a worse 3 game start for a coach at such a big time university in my life. 1 2 and almost lose to fred samford university laughing out loud i know it is sanford. but yea they still owe him whatever he is owed ,not-offensive
11152,0,  repeat after me zombies... ,not-offensive
11153,0, i do not know what you are trying to say with that ahah ,not-offensive
11154,0, do not know who he is and do not really care... ,not-offensive
11155,0, kathy the patriotStatue of Liberty  you have to love our great president trump!!!  a spine of you.s. steel!! changing it! on trade and everything for americans!!  americafirst  usa  maga  leadership and  respect  economy  jobs  peacethrustrength  god  bless  trump and  theusa     grinning face Statue of LibertyStatue of LibertyStatue of Liberty grinning face ,not-offensive
11156,0, the reason people are tired of this is because you only focus on the conservatives. ford has treated people poorly and the constitutional crisis is abominable. his treatment of the women in the legislature is despicable. ,not-offensive
11157,1, I am all right with this. if someone is dumb enough to try this then they deserve what ever they get. i can not wait to hear about the first antifa idiot to get blown away after they tried to steal a gun from someone in a stand your ground state face with tears of joy ,offensive
11158,0, i 100  agree. the republicans must not allow this individual to dictate rules and put the country on hold. ef her!!!!  thursdaymotivation  walkaway  maga  pussyhats ,not-offensive
11159,1,  liberals are kind of the worst ,offensive
11160,0,  yea it will be revealing what she is now put through as to why she did not come forward. ,not-offensive
11161,1, interesting because you leftists not only threaten us but regulary shoot stab us.  i wonder if maybe mr. swalwell is not all in on the violence toward conservatives.  he certainly always seems to ignore suppor it antifa for instance . ,offensive
11162,1,   antifa. yeah it is a fringe organization. just like those wastes of humanity i grew up around. most of them ended up meth heads and junkees. some are republican alt right activists. i guess we are all a product of our environment. ,offensive
11163,1,     please tx do not elect this fake conservative. he is bought and paid for with soros money. so many unethical things in his personal history! ,offensive
11164,0,  well if she truly thought he was an intruder in her home i would suppose she would revert to her police training.  what sickens me is all the media hype that she is going to get off strictly because she is white and he is black.  horrible all the way around. ,not-offensive
11165,0,22 kids a day. every day.  ,not-offensive
11166,1, fuck you I will put hot sauce on a slice of pizza again for you ,offensive
11167,0,"  so called liberals""""."""" ",not-offensive
11168,0, because they are crates by the liberals  to save any kind of influence... ,not-offensive
11169,0,  trump’s new position on gun control is starting to look a lot like the nra’s via  ,not-offensive
11170,0,  alt right are losers and whiners w no power. they do not matter. many right wing oligarchs fund antifa to attack alt right.  russian intel funds both antifa and alt right. russia hawks are onto something. alt right are pro russia. ,not-offensive
11171,0,  he has been on the take...ukranian money...he is dirty ,not-offensive
11172,1,  she became a alcoholic cealrly became a fatty has had like a year to loose the weight she is the only starlet in hollywood that does not look good with a lilextra weight going to go for a walk now and one of tays gps stalking sheldmaidens might have orders to mac miller  tommyvalhalla ,offensive
11173,1, dick durbin figures if he lies often enough people will start to believe him. right out of leftist dictatorship playbook.             ,offensive
11174,0,  this is proof the liberal left cannot think for themselves and have to be told what to say. ,not-offensive
11175,1,4 out of 10 british people are basically full on racists. 4 out of 10 voters vote for the conservatives. coincidence!???!??? ,offensive
11176,1,  williams displayed her bad tempered side to the world and it is something she will probably always regret. i would say to her be ye never so high that you believe you are above the rules. ,offensive
11177,0, you are look so damn beautiful in that outfit. ,not-offensive
11178,0, you should reach out to paul.berger he is teaching and researching these classes. and he is fierce and great! v. ethical. ,not-offensive
11179,0, here he is   ,not-offensive
11180,0,just in case anyone missed it!!!slightly smiling faceslightly smiling facegrinning facegrinning facesmiling face with open mouth   smiling eyessmiling face with open mouth   smiling eyesface with tears of joyface with tears of joy🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  maga   trump2020 ,not-offensive
11181,1, can someone tell this dumb we are a republic ,offensive
11182,0,    we have thousands of gun control laws. which ones are not “sensible” enough for you? ,not-offensive
11183,1, how many more??? this country must address sensible gun control! this is more than enough!!!  vote blue! get this garbage cleaned off our streets! ,offensive
11184,1, i come from a long line of bigots and morons. it is hard to grapple with at first but it gets better. fill the void with fundamentally decent ppl and you will eventually realize you are better off for it. ,offensive
11185,0,             alt right and antifa are for cowards.  fact  tuesdaythoughts   ,not-offensive
11186,0,  you are shocked to hear that liberals want to centralize power at the federal level? ,not-offensive
11187,1, and all they have to do is say a half hearted apology and it all goes away. but let a conservative say anything close and they are ruined for life. these mentally deranged liberals are totally disgusting jerks! ,offensive
11188,0, your dog — she is sooo unique and adorable face blowing a kisstwo hearts ,not-offensive
11189,0, all that does is reinforce the  fact that  is as much in the gutter as  ,not-offensive
11190,1, he is a beast ,offensive
11191,0,  he is so sweet! ,not-offensive
11192,1,   you mean cheating allegations. not sexual harassment or assault it was about cheating. big difference. we all know facts scare liberals. if you are so concerned about sexual assaults you need to shout for the names on the slush funds to be revealed. until than have a seat ,offensive
11193,0,     the stats from that are skewed. they considered “school shootings” a wide range that most did not even include a school. just another fake stat to push gun control. ,not-offensive
11194,0,"  “we will never give up, we will never give in, we will never, ever back down and we will never, ever surrender because we are americans and our hearts bleed red, white and blue. president donald j. trump !  maga   voterepublican2018  votered2018   americafirst  keepamericagreat!"""" ",not-offensive
11195,0, how far are you prepared to take this roger?  i gather that this is a new antifa style ‘hungerless hunger strike’  would you consider actually not eating anything? ,not-offensive
11196,0, can you tell cal i said how are you? i just want to know how he is doing. smiling face with smiling eyespurple heart ,not-offensive
11197,0, can you help him with  your vietnam expirrencepool 8 ball ,not-offensive
11198,1,  you would also know this is not about women at all b c democrats do not call for justice for women assaulted by democrats when there is both evidence of injury and police reports. you would know dems only demand conservatives be found guilty upon accusation. you would know this is all political. ,offensive
11199,0,that puts everything into perspective.    maga on! ,not-offensive
11200,0,   such as?  cable?  he got snapped up pretty quick after he was fired.  not saying he is a good coach but people in the league obviously think so ,not-offensive
11201,0,"   the greatest predictors of political belief are high openness low conscientiousness  for liberals  and low openness high conscientiousness  for conservatives.  that is why the vast majority of artists,... ",not-offensive
11202,1, all this division in our nation is utter nonsense. ,offensive
11203,0,  did anyone visit  maxine waters discreet and watched the poverty of her on people did she did anything in the last past 30 years that she is in power??!! ,not-offensive
11204,0, too bad!  never liked him since i met him years ago!  very uppity but you see what goes up must come down!  never think you are too good for anything or anyone! ,not-offensive
11205,0,.          ▰ ▔皿▔        ooh! you are the Capricorncapricorn!   crystal ballyour today's matches  sparkling heartlove   Scorpiusscorpio winking facefriendship   Geminigemini bust in silhouettecareer   Libralibra  crystal ballyour today's star ratings  two hearts love  ★★★★☆ slightly smiling facemood  ★★★★★ money bagmoney  ★★★☆☆ necktiecareer  ★★★★★  backhand index pointing downbal says.. ,not-offensive
11206,0, talklikeapirateday   uk scurvy pirate  plundered  1950swomen 's state pension chest and refuse to parlay  marooned us with no gold doubloons only wormy biscuits   1950sbornwomen will sail alongside blast a broadside and make them walk plank balance scale️   backto60  onevoice ,not-offensive
11207,0, 20 million dollars from cbs to  metoo can buy a lot of lies from a lot of professional witnesses with a lot of axes to grind.  antifa is fully financed by blm millions they collected from obama’s justice dept and look at the antiamerican havoc they create.  metoo is warming up. ,not-offensive
11208,1, did you watch the music video for jackets hrgggg i love hank's dumb ass ,offensive
11209,1,  i wonder if antifa will be rioting in the streets after they find out how corrupt the government is ,offensive
11210,0,   well they have run out of space that is not environmentally protected. we do not live on an island of infinite land ,not-offensive
11211,1, i swear to god . this shit is too real man ,offensive
11212,1, yeah way to ruin the fucking hype. this is why you were not invited to dennys after we finished with andreas lol. ,offensive
11213,1," a band of liars eric has a big l"""" on his forehead.  he is so disgusting.  who votes for these people or do not they really, it has to be rigged."""" ",offensive
11214,0, best casting announcement since riker was on it    so excited love her so much! met her twice she is just the sweetest ,not-offensive
11215,1,   not just “liberals” there is minority of republicans with more brain cells than a rock! ,offensive
11216,0, haha! i do not believe it. ,not-offensive
11217,0,  boycott nfl continues thumbs up ,not-offensive
11218,0, obama owns  antifa and  blm.  still want to discuss the rise of radicalism? ,not-offensive
11219,1,  can you fuck off already ,offensive
11220,0,    they are trying.. it is called antifa! unamused face ,not-offensive
11221,0, thursdaythoughts hollywood liberals love socialism.   why do not these multi millionaires get of out their multiple mansions and give them to multiple low income families and buy 1 modest home. ,not-offensive
11222,1,  she is useless.  attempts to do the right thing but never follows through. ,offensive
11223,0,  yup hahaha she is cute ,not-offensive
11224,0,                                                  there is not one that i know of.  ,not-offensive
11225,0, he is still around? ,not-offensive
11226,1, she is maaaad annoying! ,offensive
11227,0, agree! ,not-offensive
11228,0, a book? still wanting money from the public. liberals will probably buy it or soros will buy up a lot of copies to make it a best seller as he has probably done with other liberal books.    voteredtosaveamerica 🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
11229,0, at least your tombstone  will have few letters .  ripmandm ,not-offensive
11230,1, what the fuck are not they treating antifa as terrorism? ,offensive
11231,1, dam white slave owners ,offensive
11232,0,  I am glad you do babe  i kiss you back  now let us get going you are coming tomorrow to the final right babe ,not-offensive
11233,1, honestly  the fact he has not any legislative power coupled with the fact he is a skilled diplomat sways the balance for me.  besides the varadkar government pushes that kind of shit anyway president or not. ,offensive
11234,0,  billy you have a short memory. obama tried to get in commonsense gun control is especially after sandyhook. the parents even came in and begged congress to do something about automatic weapons. but the nra had such a hold on congress democrats and repugs nothing was done ,not-offensive
11235,0,   1. depends on what you mean by gun control 2. because they are? 3. it is called lobbying. been around forever 4. neither does gun control 5. assault rifles are already banned ,not-offensive
11236,1, does one bring the other?  sex  war see penthouse magazine in the 1980's.  sex followed by guns. ,offensive
11237,0,  she is trust me laughing out loud ,not-offensive
11238,1, everyone knows brown is crazy! ,offensive
11239,1, poor germans...they have  refugee violence and antifa violence..it must be nice to live in germanistan. ,offensive
11240,0, obama’s and dems passed affordable care without senate majority so gun control could have happened ,not-offensive
11241,0, hold on   another poll coming out soon !! ,not-offensive
11242,0, well thanx for proving us right that stricter gun control does not address the problem as criminals do not care for gun control as it does not apply to them. again taking the means to self defense away from the law abiding and ignoring the fact that criminals use illegal guns. ,not-offensive
11243,0,“ruth bader ginsburg came out saying she was groped by abraham lincoln.”  tcot  maga  rednationrising ,not-offensive
11244,0,                                          you are the best  memember  memologist ,not-offensive
11245,0, antifa took over for them. ,not-offensive
11246,0, nobody voted for it... but these right wing  seem desperate to deliver it! ,not-offensive
11247,1, the democrats do not care. they will do anything to undermine president trump. people had better realize how serious they are about getting rid of him. vote red or suffer under the liberals. ,offensive
11248,0,             good evening brenda ...i hardly see you ..hope all is well with you and everyone ...raising hands ,not-offensive
11249,0, thinking of leaving this is a joke now! i spend all my time connecting for it just to disconnect again! ,not-offensive
11250,0,  he is according to every religion on earth except for compromised protestant sects like episcopalians ,not-offensive
11251,0,a new bill aims to send masked antifa activists to jail for 15 years  ,not-offensive
11252,1,  do not ever stop lil ma *cough* “eddandflow” *cough* oh shit is that my snapchat how did that slip out?!  ...add me folded handsmedium light skin toneweary face ,offensive
11253,0,antifa caught off guard after getting confronted by the last person they... via  go scott!! he is one of the strongest supporters of trump       the persistance!!!! ,not-offensive
11254,0, had no interest in watching the dnc hour with a hunch of sanctimonious liberals who trigger over everything except when they are insulting those who disagree with their because of choice for the moment. pass. ,not-offensive
11255,0, yessir fam ,not-offensive
11256,0, brilliant idea! if only conservatives ran netflix... ,not-offensive
11257,1,  shove it the view you are the most despicable show on tv and like everyone always says “who watches these bimbos”! ,offensive
11258,0, he is always looking out ,not-offensive
11259,1,"   got to love when the uninformed point to venezuela as though it is the inevitable result of socialism!  socialism? venezuela!"""" gun control? """"chicago!""""  it is like watching a round of shitty jeopardy, where no one knows a damn thing but they try to compete anyway.  logic? """"trump!"""""""" ",offensive
11260,1, hope he is enjoying himself while he canrolling on the floor laughing ,offensive
11261,1, good she is a crook toopile of pooexpressionless face ,offensive
11262,1,  pathetic ,offensive
11263,0, he is coming to purpleumpkin where he becomes one of the murples. i will send him a ticket to travel. god speed! ,not-offensive
11264,1,and terroism and starvation and flint and poverty and climate change and global warming and sex trafficking and bullying and body shaming and police brutality and feminism and gun control and marches and protests ,offensive
11265,1, he is not qualified. ,offensive
11266,0, thank mr. president.  please declassify the docs closer to the election so we can all see how corrupt the dems are.  maga. ,not-offensive
11267,0, tyler! on thursday! go girls! i think tyler believes he is the mastermind and he needs to take a seat. angela or kaycee for the win! ,not-offensive
11268,1,  just imagine if dr ford was a member of a minority. antifa would be firebombing the judge’s residence.  identypolitics ,offensive
11269,0,"    jonathan haidt's the righteous mind"""" should be required reading in high school.  parts of the book elucidate exactly the problem conservatives like shapiro contend with  they think everyone thinks acts like they believe they do   making choices rationally and on principle."""" ",not-offensive
11270,0,  on what platformthinking face is fundamentally restoring americaface with steam from nosefirefolded handsspeaker  will konk you on ur lamebrain with  gavelangry face ,not-offensive
11271,0, you are not robin williams unamused face ,not-offensive
11272,0, buy more icecream!!! ,not-offensive
11273,0,                                                 he is cutesmiling face with smiling eyes ,not-offensive
11274,1, so this is how antifa finally dies? by commiting suicide? nice. ,offensive
11275,1, i love you you beautiful bitch rawr ,offensive
11276,0, here is another looney left person. just go away! ,not-offensive
11277,0, so after taking with kavanaugh he is able to diagnose his accuser ,not-offensive
11278,1,  no one gives a shit and no one will miss her! sorry  will! ,offensive
11279,1,  it now makes sense how gun control is barely an issue vs immigration. ,offensive
11280,1,  illinois strict ass gun control let us only the thugs and gang bangers have the guns which means a lot more violence ,offensive
11281,0,                s he is very affectionate and purrs non stop. ,not-offensive
11282,0, agreed. bring your dollar bills! ,not-offensive
11283,0," and that is when you say   well i wanted to take care of you, but if you are going to make that impossible, i guess you are on your own.  i think I will have a steak."""""""" ",not-offensive
11284,0,"1.4 in every girl's life there is a moment when she realises that her mother just might be more messed up than she is."""" –gossip girl"""" ",not-offensive
11285,0,20180919  chris hall cbc  the liberals' fall strategy just hit a brick wall named leona alleslev ,not-offensive
11286,0,  both sides are antifa...kkk...  got to stop ,not-offensive
11287,1,"    its quite obvious the  morons at the star are totally unaware that canada already has extremely tight gun control laws  which by the way criminals never have and never will adhere to""""   you have to be a very special kind of stupid to be believe that by banning"""" ",offensive
11288,1, bitch better serve ,offensive
11289,0, you are awesome connie !! enjoy vacation!! ,not-offensive
11290,0,      and yet she walks the woods surrounded by peace and tranquility! she is sooo not  missing any sleep over trumps distractions  crookedtrump! rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing his so transparent. americans are smart and we can see the lies!   countrybeforeparty! ,not-offensive
11291,0, guncontrol  bulletcontrol.  california tries new tack on gun violence  bullet control   via  ,not-offensive
11292,0, blame trump?? that is sad to the good people of puerto rico 🇵🇷 ,not-offensive
11293,0, oh my god🤮🤮🤮🤮 ,not-offensive
11294,0, i had to look up who he was. a bush cheney guy. gop have some strange conservatives. ,not-offensive
11295,1,  i want to see this corrupt bitch in gitmo for her birthday ,offensive
11296,0, pray for judge kavanaugh and his family.  maga  kavanaugh  kavanaughconfirmation  kavanaughconfirmationhearings ,not-offensive
11297,0,  what a baby! ,not-offensive
11298,0,  mine too! bbcan2 was a top tier bb season ,not-offensive
11299,1, nice hatface with tears of joy  hey  liberals and  democrats   is living rent free in you all's heads...  like mcdonald's   imlovingit   sweet revenge has never tasted so good   maga  walkaway ,offensive
11300,1,   fuck yes ride it baby! ,offensive
11301,0,    how about trump sending out memes while he is president of him bashing hilary with a folding chair ,not-offensive
11302,1,"1 5 several women mps key in 1990s gun control debate in canada. min of justice  did heavy lifting for  in introducing 1991 gun law she said gun control works. it is probably the oldest and most effective form of crime prevention law...""""  cdnpoli  cdnhist ",offensive
11303,0, everyone please vote for vicki barbolack she is the most amazing kind hearted funny  and loved person on that stage no one has earned this more than her ,not-offensive
11304,0,    she is weak and this is her excuse to use her vote pro kavanaugh ,not-offensive
11305,1, hi sexy ,offensive
11306,0, when will people support gun control? that is more important. do not you care about humans life? no ,not-offensive
11307,1,  do you hate him that much. he is our president. ,offensive
11308,0, i love my wife hannah heart suitsmiling face with smiling eyesheart suitsmiling face with smiling eyesred heartsmiling face with smiling eyesheart suit♡smiling face with heart eyes ,not-offensive
11309,1, in the fake national emergency that was created by conservatives for their nwo bullshit ,offensive
11310,0, verge of collapse the breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.thinking facei move too fast and break things. but i have always told myself unless you are breaking… ,not-offensive
11311,0,                                         exactly! ,not-offensive
11312,0,    you liberals are so “ nice” and “ caring” ,not-offensive
11313,0, she is right.  liberals do not listen.  it does not matter what the taxpayer wants trudeau does not listen.  maybe to islam but nothing else ,not-offensive
11314,0,just love this meme is all  a lil levity for a heavy day of cognitive dissonance   qanon  maga  trump  wwg1wga  greatawakening  pray ,not-offensive
11315,0,16 grade school children shot dead in washington with 9mm beretta. the nra blames gun control laws. ,not-offensive
11316,1,another fucking pittsburgh nazi. philly antifa is naming names and it is glorious. ,offensive
11317,1, he is too lazy. just slouches over and waits for the defender to come to him. bum ,offensive
11318,1, I am honestly not surprised coming from the school you are in. why would you be vaping. i noticed they like to accuse you of a lot of stupid stuff but do not let it get to you. ,offensive
11319,0, the truth will finally get out to congress and the american people!  that the dems are trying to take out a duly elected president.  they are running scared.  schiffhead  maga ,not-offensive
11320,0, to be honest i only started recently but the only thing i do not like about mineta is how whiny he is ,not-offensive
11321,0,       true. but are all school shootings and accidents with toddlers done by bad criminals who would know how to get a gun? highly doubt it. these are spontaneous acts accidents that would be dramatically reduced by gun control. ,not-offensive
11322,0,5 5 canada has regulated firearms since the last quarter of the 19th century. those laws have probably contributed to canada having only 1  as many handguns in circulation as in the us.  ,not-offensive
11323,1,"   but what makes you think they are liberals?  there is nothing liberal about any of that.  these people spent the '90s insulting liberals, publicly humiliating black activists, and openly attacking the new deal.  where is the liberal"""" part?  they passed gop policies!"""" ",offensive
11324,0,      yes he is ,not-offensive
11325,1, bruh there were a few times i dropped it and kicked it back up wit my feet and caught it. now if that are not some g ass shitface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,offensive
11326,1, what will german’s will give us? gun control ? ,offensive
11327,1, it is off of santa clarita 9on netflix it is funny as fuck! ,offensive
11328,0,   was not the organizer of the rally that killed someone it was someone that showed up just like the people that show up to antifa and black lives matter rallies because violence and rioting everywhere they go ,not-offensive
11329,1, she is the size of a stadium ,offensive
11330,1, americans need to realize they rape and kill easily because of their environment. we absolutely have to close our borders until proper vetting is implemented. ,offensive
11331,0," goodread  a brief history of repressive regimes and their gun laws. with the wrong political actors in power, yesterday's 'common sense' gun control could be tomorrow's vehicle for gun confiscation."""" if we lose  2a, we surrender our freedom—period.  ",not-offensive
11332,0, thanks for spreading joe biden’s words...he is a great american that i respect very much. ,not-offensive
11333,0,  of course he will not. he is a strong supporter of antifa and blm. ,not-offensive
11334,1, exactly so shut up ,offensive
11335,0,  check the antifa registration.  some of her coworkers are there. ,not-offensive
11336,1,  sending commiserations to you for those cardinal losses with this brioche cinnamon roll picture. ,offensive
11337,0, got something to hide eric? ,not-offensive
11338,0,  gun control is not the answer. ,not-offensive
11339,1,  you are just another liberal pawn used by the democrats in an attempt to derail kavanaugh’s confirmation. i do not believe a word of it. you and your liberal friends are an enemy of the state. just leave america. we will be better off without people like you. prohibitedliberals ,offensive
11340,0, eric holder should be tried for treason  ericholdercrimes  ,not-offensive
11341,1,  be safe you fucker ,offensive
11342,1, its not like your not sharing the water! un fucking real. pouting face ,offensive
11343,1, this will be settled and will never see a jury. we will never know the truth. maybe she grabbed him first while swapping spit or he is really that stupid to just grab her. either way i doubt we will ever know the complete truth. ,offensive
11344,1, that entire article is a piece of trash. that precinct is full of dumbfuck pigs. ,offensive
11345,0,  liberals always play victim. ,not-offensive
11346,1,"  what the fuck  and  seriously... what manner of bigoted platforms are you running that label an exhortation for children, black or other, to stay in school""""?   jackdorseyisabigot   maga  kag"""" ",offensive
11347,1,  you should be fired... you are dead to the public for your fake news why do not you show him approaching the crowd? scared ... if you can not stand the fire get out of the kitchen.... ,offensive
11348,0,"...if we claim to be without sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us. if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.  1 john 1 5 9 """" ",not-offensive
11349,1,                                                  this lady is a grade a idiot or a complete and total liar.  i have called her on most of her bullshit. anyone with half a brain knows what she is spewing is crap. ,offensive
11350,0,   i know. why should they?  englishconservatism ,not-offensive
11351,0, maga   sing like no one is listening  love like you have never been hurt  vote gop when no one is watching  and do not listen to liberals' dirt ,not-offensive
11352,0,    if you are really concerned about anti semitism in our society why have you both not condemned both the tory party and the lib dems for not yet adopting the ihra?     ,not-offensive
11353,0, I am pretty sure she would be a better president at 13 than he is now ,not-offensive
11354,0, conservatives celebrate as their third choice for opposition leader uses the word failure for the one millionth time. ,not-offensive
11355,1, who would buy a book written by such a total classless porn star! I will tell you who democrats and liberals ,offensive
11356,0,"   i can not watch cnn anymore because the conservative pundits they have on are just partisan hacks.  i get cnn wants balance"""" but the conservatives that defend the indefensible are too much."""" ",not-offensive
11357,1, hmmm...they piss off the portion of the population that actually supported football and are shocked their numbers took a nose dive?  shocking! ,offensive
11358,1, this is gun control! ,offensive
11359,0, all conservatives are bad people ,not-offensive
11360,0,4 uk us deepstate nukes intercepted heading for us cities.  skynews  skypapers  bbcdp  lbc  lbclive  talkradio    altnews  brexit  remain  london  cityoflondon  news  breakingnews  uknews  labour  tories  trump  toryparty  ukip  conservatives  christians  qanon ,not-offensive
11361,0,    so why are we focused on getting illegal immigrants out of the country more than we are worried about fixing the loopholes in gun control? ,not-offensive
11362,1, but but but ..... but like her music sucks! ,offensive
11363,1, i bet she`s had more prick`s than a second hand pincushion!  maga 🇬🇧🇺🇸 ,offensive
11364,0, has been nominated for still a mum awards. kindly vote for her here...  she is our super host on  ganikalinaaisha  ,not-offensive
11365,1, wow you really think this works i am going to tell my wife she is going to hell laughing out loud ,offensive
11366,0,  everything in order other than the claim that the conservatives are the party of business. ,not-offensive
11367,0,  dangerous to liberals for sure open the flood gates! ,not-offensive
11368,0,   maga = many are getting arrested ,not-offensive
11369,1,    also jaclyn is either crazy stupid or she is straight up lying to people about the morphe return policy. that is also deceptive and predatory ,offensive
11370,0,   you mean like the democrats do to push their gun control agenda? ,not-offensive
11371,1,19 professors and students murdered in connecticut with .223 bushmaster xm15 e2s rifle. the nra blames gun control laws. ,offensive
11372,1,   now what are you ?? a liberal ?? intellectual ?? you are nothing but a bigot. shamelessness at its peak. ,offensive
11373,1,.you cry baby liberals will have trump for a total of eighjt great years!!! get over it.  maga ,offensive
11374,0, holy shit he is a prophet ,not-offensive
11375,0,  i stand corrected! guess the only memorable thing about her to me is how hateful she is lmfao. ,not-offensive
11376,1, well sure she would lend her support to the lying heifer making the false accusations. she has no more intelligence than the rest of the liberals acting out sombody! ,offensive
11377,0,  ending the horrible trade imbalance burden from obama bushii clinton bushi results in an  800b year boon to the usa economy!  this is what you fail to mention.  trump of nomics = maga   you should try to listen to trump more closely so you can learn.  ,not-offensive
11378,0, what a joke. ,not-offensive
11379,1, I am 1001 you ass ,offensive
11380,1,  if you speak spanish? ms 13  muslim? terrorist  black person? should have complied   hold a dissenting opinion? emotional  snowflake  gun control? nazi  republican putting people in internment camps? patriot  think you leave your human rights at the boarder? patriot  I am tired ,offensive
11381,0,  them dreads be dry asfuck my dude ,not-offensive
11382,0, you like players based on where they line up on offense?   of course we used him as a returner and receiver der that is what he is... and yes indeed he lined up at rb I am glad that made you a fan of his   I am sorry you expect everyone who responds to you to agree ,not-offensive
11383,0,". asks  to respond to criticism that the liberals only care about anglophones when it is time to get their votes. couillard says that is not the case  i think people know my sincerity on these matters.""""  quebec2018"""" ",not-offensive
11384,1, you suck so fucking hard that i genuinely want to drop out of school and quit doing art and spend every day of my life destroying another epson printer with a lead pipe. i hate you so much. ,offensive
11385,1, is not the coalition for gun control headed up by the lady who was turned down for a job because she was a bully? ,offensive
11386,0, as he jumps into his private plane to fly off into the sunset ,not-offensive
11387,0, quebec  election   liberals promise more  money to buy  electric cars ,not-offensive
11388,0, character assassinations are a survival technique for liberals ,not-offensive
11389,0,    you are asking the right questionsface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
11390,1, just because some flaky pink hat wearing woman says so? try again. where is the police records and the like. tired of liberals thinking they can lie to ruin someone is life because they do not like trump ,offensive
11391,0,   hahah can you ask her do the same with other books bible or quran??? then you will see.. may be she is part of urban naxal ,not-offensive
11392,0, congratz  you are going to make a great mom! ,not-offensive
11393,0, please come back! you are missed on the field!!!! annnnnnnnnnnnnd i love you tooblue heart  alwaysacowboy  nflsunday  cowboysnation  dezbryant  88 ,not-offensive
11394,1, you are like a real life cartoon character!! i love and respect the shit out of you for it. keep doing you ,offensive
11395,0, you are my hero!! ,not-offensive
11396,1, only trump could get liberals to scream bloody hell at open transparency. ,offensive
11397,0,  i rode once in 2013 with rebecca and she is so nice and such an athlete person mountain biking‍female sign️flexed bicepslight skin tone. ,not-offensive
11398,0,              absolutely. ,not-offensive
11399,0,  best remedy =  bing !!  and... nevervotedemocrat n e v e r!!  **  maga2018 ** ,not-offensive
11400,0,    libertarian  weed smoking conservatives who let women make their own choices. hmmm sounds good to me. almost a modern take on an aging conservative party. ,not-offensive
11401,0,"   i also grew up in california.  does not matter where you are from.  and just because you have heard worse"""" does not mean jack.  the president of the united states should not brag about that.  nor about watching beauty pageant contestants change."""" ",not-offensive
11402,0, yes melania is wearing her i do not give a s   t jacket and donald chump is wearing his go f   k yourself jacket just like always. he said that god trump is in da house and he is above the law. we did a marvelous job in pr many went without electricity for 6 months but it is cool. ,not-offensive
11403,0, a disaster waiting to happen. ,not-offensive
11404,1,  is mentally disturbed ,offensive
11405,0,    i am suggesting ways for our climate barbie to lead by example. something liberals do not know how to do. 5 ethic code violations will prove that. ,not-offensive
11406,0, this is the democrat party in the throws of panic. they want violence so trumps america is not quite so successful.  i suggest to all the little antifa kids out there..do not do it. it will be regrettable.. immediately. ,not-offensive
11407,0,  mazzone has convinced him he can play in the nfl if he does as he is told and acts like a good little pocket passer ,not-offensive
11408,0, danish party that wants to deport  muslims that are on  welfare growing fast.  why oh why  conservatives in the  uk do not focus on this I will never know.   mbga ,not-offensive
11409,0,  thank you for the consideration.....be careful it might be you !!!! ,not-offensive
11410,0,  the realm of the imaginary can be quite powerful too ,not-offensive
11411,1,  this guy embezzeled at least a trillion dollars from the american people he is a divider of people he is full of hatred for the american people this guy can not be trusted look at our people that was in bengazi  they trusted him and most of them died ,offensive
11412,1,  sareena was wrong to behave like this. that is not racist just truth. i do not want my children watching this behavior. ,offensive
11413,0,          he is an angry puppet who is trying to pretend that teaching children acceptance of others and tolerance is somehow political and wrong. that is just how hate filled he and his party are. that is the real politicizing. not teaching kids gay people exist. party of lies. ,not-offensive
11414,0,  she is a junior and has better priorities than a lot of adults ,not-offensive
11415,1,     all vince cable has to show for getting into bed with the tories is a ridiculous knighthood. ,offensive
11416,1, what she is proven??? lies??? ,offensive
11417,0,  gun control support is his downfall. ,not-offensive
11418,0,  looks like  and liberals have already found him guilty like usual before anything has started. she is apart of the resistance and me too movement. they have pics of her at marches with her pink hat. how much was she payed to play her part? ,not-offensive
11419,0, yes she is ,not-offensive
11420,0, r india is exclusively dominated by liberals. i feel better on r hinduism and r religion    ,not-offensive
11421,0,   are you feeling okay? because you are coming across as slightly hysterical. ,not-offensive
11422,0,  so take him to court ,not-offensive
11423,0, pop quiz  maga  the new antifa  democrats party are  ,not-offensive
11424,0,  markey issued a tweet then back to his nap. she can not think or react on the fly. she is a poor leader. no word from baker yet. ,not-offensive
11425,0, rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing that sums up the state of liberals ,not-offensive
11426,0,      gun violence is low except in democrat controlled cities with  strict gun control policies where criminals are armed and citizens are not. ,not-offensive
11427,0, ever see when someone is stuck in quicksand and gets the brilliant idea to reach down and pull their feet out... = espn ,not-offensive
11428,1, this president is such a idiot i wish some one would tell me why and how he is still in office! god help those being hit by this storm ! lord knows they will not need paper towels thrown at them !! ,offensive
11429,0,14. on stan twitter i texted steph this morning abt the thing i just love how nice and kind she is she deserves the world ,not-offensive
11430,0,   ... those are conservative values? last time i checked those were more descriptive of liberals than conservatives ,not-offensive
11431,1," that guy has a legit case. trump are not fuck up the sexual orientation laws yet so dude needs to take them to court. and i say that as someone who describes themselves as I am not one of those 'I am about to sue!' people""""."""" ",offensive
11432,1, i love it that the wet liberals are so frightened by the us. and yet are so keen to deal with the non democracy that is europe. ,offensive
11433,1, get that shit off my phone bono   I will never forgive you ,offensive
11434,1," no prison time for you. you are going to get mccain ed""""   face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joy             deathpenalty   treason   pedogate  maga  qanon"""" ",offensive
11435,1, i had a man tell me their body count was 40+ but refused to be with a woman who had more than 5. what the fuck. ,offensive
11436,0, body cams with a long battery life on your children when left with strangers. ,not-offensive
11437,1,          that is about the saddest existence i have ever been privy to reading. sucks to be you man ,offensive
11438,1, your trash!!!!!!!! but she would have been  a great coach if you would not listen to zodiac....... but you are sagittarius you hate to be told what you can or cannot do......... like the coach from michigan wolverines hshshahhsjjjsjsjs....... you keep praying  now you hear. ,offensive
11439,1,..  2 of 2 vote her butt right out of office.   dianefeinstein is part of the problem in america not part of the solution.  her old ideas and  clarencethomas tricks will not work this time.   votered2018  kag  confirmkavanaugh  confirmcoachk  maga ,offensive
11440,0, she is stunning! ,not-offensive
11441,1, oh no you guys do not censor the right at all...fucking hypocrites ,offensive
11442,0,  I am glad you are doing something fun! ,not-offensive
11443,1,"   nice. that is so true. no life trump haters. funny thing is trump done everything good for americans and america yet these anti americans put trump down! amazing that people act like trumps the bad guy! evil is the liberal  democrats and the band of haters.. antifa"""" """"blue wave"""""""" ",offensive
11444,1, he is totally bluffing... ,offensive
11445,0, you are welcome to join us in our slack room for the community gardening.  ,not-offensive
11446,0, looks like antifa ,not-offensive
11447,1, lol. what is failing miserably is this 11th hour ambush by the liberals. every minute  christinablaseyford refuses to commit to appearing she and people like you lose credibility. i love it!! face with tears of joyface with tears of joy  tcot  p2 ,offensive
11448,0," please do not confuse liberal"""" with """"progressive"""".   we are all liberals at heart. we do not force our beliefs on others.   the same cannot be said for lefty progressives."""" ",not-offensive
11449,1,  it is a trap. conservatives know as soon as they go public they are on the termination list. ,offensive
11450,1,   she is very evil. ,offensive
11451,1, since lebron eat ass i guess i have to now ,offensive
11452,0,             exactly! the pure hatred has blinded them. I have never seen mobs of people on here all go nuts.makes you realize that self awareness is crucial right now locally if its like that on here honestly. i stay focused and will be like that more so now. doing an absentee ballot too ,not-offensive
11453,0, same with the gun control debate. no it will not keep guns away from every criminal but it can make things better. it will not prevent every mass shooting but it may prevent those crazy people from buying a gun in the first place. ,not-offensive
11454,0, nhs is only the way it is because we have a over populated country  conservatives have privertised were nhs buys from ,not-offensive
11455,1,    daveb the most boring man to have ever graced simb. thank fuck he was run off the bored ,offensive
11456,1,   xd well the suffering she goes through and all the terrible shit she sees ends up making her pretty insane  i think you already seen that from certain things i posted xd  but hey at least she is only insane to bad guys! ,offensive
11457,0, god he is so easy to play it is embarrassing ,not-offensive
11458,1,...it will be hard to believe any female accusers...ever again...especially liberals who lie for personal and political gain... ,offensive
11459,0, if just a veiled accusation can derail it will never stop  resist  antifa and  fingerprints all over this ,not-offensive
11460,0,happy  constitutionday may this day trigger millions of liberals since they do not believe in the constitution!  maga ,not-offensive
11461,0, so you are saying they should not count on him to keep the streak alive? ,not-offensive
11462,0, did you even read this article?  no one is suggesting trump made this claim. and there are several links to good deeds he is credited with. ,not-offensive
11463,1, guys ugly and unhinged. ,offensive
11464,0, redwaverising2018. a texas gun control platform? someone drank koolaide in concentrate.?! ,not-offensive
11465,0,  nearly made me contribute to antifa and join facebook. nearly. ,not-offensive
11466,0,  i understand the logic of all that. but the person living there will also know the background of who the mother is and why she is there to honor her daughter on that day. it escalated quickly and now the mom is dead. so unnecessary ,not-offensive
11467,1,  that is just because the director a fucking beast but let us not act like christian bale ever fuck niggas up or had wavy fighting scenes ,offensive
11468,0, her eyes look “cockeyed” to me. ,not-offensive
11469,0, stay safe you are an inspiration to me. and practice those kung fu skills if they ever show up again    ,not-offensive
11470,0,  two  people ran for president one bought and paid  for her nomination. the american people decided to elect president trump. you and i should be embarrassed by the democrats and liberals and left then president trump. i have to question your morals and judgment. ,not-offensive
11471,0,     let me give you something your wife can not  p cum join me live now x ,not-offensive
11472,0, it amazes me how much in synch you are with the man who commuted your prison sentence.  it is no wonder that you like each other. ,not-offensive
11473,0,everybodyred heart️full moon with face royguitarayers ‘76saxophone      maga  trump  usa                 ,not-offensive
11474,0,   they will not be the last. ford supports them and levi’s has come out for gun control. corporate america is going to take our country back. ,not-offensive
11475,1, i feel pretty fucked then because i started out fine ,offensive
11476,1,  she is threatening american citizens she will kill women arrest her ,offensive
11477,0,  maybe he is a baker by day.....and sleep at night because have to wake up early to open the bakery..... ,not-offensive
11478,0,     antifa  haha it is not exactly a big movement but ok. ,not-offensive
11479,0, ask kerry about benghazi...its a subject he lies with much more authority on. ,not-offensive
11480,1, and why do all the issues about pc only focus on liberals what about conservatives on kneeling on fake patriotism or republicans freaking out over an abortion ,offensive
11481,0,     it will be the lack of a range of good olive oil that will because my mayhem ,not-offensive
11482,0, the reason i give aguearo a slight edge above kane is because he is more creative. they are both clinical finishers do not het me wrong. ,not-offensive
11483,0,  he is not wrong... ,not-offensive
11484,0, to be honest it catchy as fuck tho ,not-offensive
11485,0, i did not know football teams had private prisons. thank you for providing this insight for me. hopefully when he is released he will realize what he has done wrong and not do it again. ,not-offensive
11486,0,  why??? he did absolutely nothing wrong. he is the victim and she is the perpetrator!!! ,not-offensive
11487,0,  their cars are great but china demand has just reduced a lot when they expected it to increase. there is your answer right there. maga ,not-offensive
11488,1, you are a disgrace go home you are not the president anymore. you are breaking tradition of the former president stepping aside. this is no longer obama’s country this country belongs to we the people not your sheeple  maga  ,offensive
11489,1,   even chris evert said that people normally wise up and stop after the first warning or their second warning. serena kept going. it sucks it ended the way it did but if you keep arguing and making comments after a second warning then what was she expecting? ,offensive
11490,0, thanks for the follow! the days of cybersecurity brand reputation marketing have just begun. and you are now a part of it! ,not-offensive
11491,1,    there are no timely responses in rap beef lmaoooooo nas took three months to respond to jay and he bodied him. them always takes a month or more. where did you all get this timely response shit? ,offensive
11492,1, as clear as the mud ukgov are dumping off swansea. corbyn offers no solutions and no answers ... being non committal on everything and hoping 'not being the conservatives' will get him elected. westminster politics and government have degenerated so much its no longer fit for purpose. ,offensive
11493,0, can somebody get a cry room for her? ,not-offensive
11494,0,                                         it really pisses them off hugging face ,not-offensive
11495,0, could it be that president trump is normal and most of washington d c are insane and totally out of touch with the forgotten middle class working people of america? drain the swamp and maga. ,not-offensive
11496,1, he is one crazy  person ,offensive
11497,1,  oh noes! tough shit. ,offensive
11498,0,  or we can go  's route and not believe any accusations levied against conservative because conservatives are such saints. ,not-offensive
11499,0,  “gun control saves lives”.  face with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
11500,0, ask your friends over at  ,not-offensive
11501,0,  can not do that. blm and antifa morons will start looting ,not-offensive
11502,0, or buy a gun and open carry to exert coercive control over an entire town. the open carry demonstrator who eventually stalked me absolutely had this dynamic. i wrote about it for  ,not-offensive
11503,1, I have said that many times. liberals and conservatives are two sides of the same coin and that coin is in the back pocket of the wealthy canadians. ,offensive
11504,0, she is just jealous of how cute you are with your scrunchie and crocs!!! wear them proudly sweet pea!! beating hearttwo hearts ,not-offensive
11505,1, she is a true idiot!! really scary people will vote her to dc in november!!! ,offensive
11506,1, can not take what they dish out? joe you are a snake that should be hung by the neck on a live cnn feed. ,offensive
11507,1,"  these gun control scientists"""" are a disgrace. they should have their license to publish revoked. unamused face"""" ",offensive
11508,0, nesn thinks he is the favorite for the cy young. nope. ,not-offensive
11509,0, he is small  and he needs someone big to clear the beach for him ,not-offensive
11510,0," politicslive unfortunately the  are still discussing what it"""" is! wasted 2 years so far! perhaps because the idea is not viable?  justathought ",not-offensive
11511,1, she is 100  lying. but you do not understand the mind of a leftwing nutjob liberal. they are a cult. money means nothing to them. it is stopping trump by any means ,offensive
11512,0,  you are so right ,not-offensive
11513,0, bono loves and embraces fugitive roman polanski.  that is the kind of guy he and his mates are. ,not-offensive
11514,0,"    i have indeed.a watered down needy statement. not the robust condemnation in no equivocal terms one would expect. it begins with we note with disappointment..."""" such a diluted response suggests one thing  fear of the  tories who clearly show no gratitude for your help and support."""" ",not-offensive
11515,1,   yep. i was at yale law school as well..  he also mentioned at one point that he could pee his name in the snow and that groping someone against their will while holding them down and choking them was “boys being boys”. nbd.  moronsaregoverningamerica  maga  kavanaugh ,offensive
11516,1,        you know you are a racist monkey huh?  I am sure you know what you are a piece of trash.  i never hear these pieces of horse shit speak the truth only their racist lies.  bitch boy it is about the racist cops killing unarmed black and brown people!!  that is the fact.  ass clown!! ,offensive
11517,0, she is sexy without even trying. ,not-offensive
11518,0,. offers a different view on why liberals outnumber conservatives at universities  ,not-offensive
11519,1, why can not isis blow up these two assholes?? ,offensive
11520,1, amazing how dems do not feel they owe it to unborn generations to keep illegals out!! ,offensive
11521,0, did not the president already make an offer that was refused? ,not-offensive
11522,0, christianity is against abortion. it considers abortion as murder. chelsea does not under christianity and probably does not even go to church. ,not-offensive
11523,0, what a cool guy he is ,not-offensive
11524,0, funny how he thinks he is soooo important...not...face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
11525,0,  oh i do dream big. i always do.  maga and name calling is pretty lame. face with rolling eyes  tcot  p2 ,not-offensive
11526,0, these headlines. you are on really dangerous ground for a publicly funded company. who do you think you are? ,not-offensive
11527,0, what wrong in criticising muslims seeing as they do it the british people and get away with while we brits get labelled “racist and fascism” blame it on the liberals for letting it happen. ,not-offensive
11528,1, does these idiots actually listen to what they say?  sucks! ,offensive
11529,0, hope gutierrez does not think this will help his blue wave in the november midterms for the democrats... by the way did gutierrez take time out last month to honor roberto clemente on his birthday? remember him gutierrez? ,not-offensive
11530,1,       comparing antifa weaklings to wwii soldiers ,offensive
11531,1, he is most impressive at corruption and lies. ,offensive
11532,1, what about all the refugees that destroy the country   radical islamic  !! you will get out them to their countries?  cleaningcanada  canadaelection2019  canada  conservatives ,offensive
11533,0, fukushima daiichi was not a hurricane. you are comparing apples and orangutans. ,not-offensive
11534,0,16 postal workers slaughtered in oklahoma with 12 gauge winchester 1300 pump action shotgun. the nra calls gun control research 'unethical'. ,not-offensive
11535,0, the president’s feelings are totally opposite of cnn’s feelings. so what does that say about cnn? they are all liberals. ,not-offensive
11536,1, fuck i am wired ,offensive
11537,0,       ak how can you fight antifa when one of the major figureheads was and likely still is yan? ,not-offensive
11538,1,  she does not support stand you ground or arming teachers. gun control. idaho believes in gun rights.   zero chance. ,offensive
11539,0,  thank g d that he is gone for now and hopefully for good! ,not-offensive
11540,1, when do you post on conservatives declaring ford a liar without evidence? ,offensive
11541,0,    i get it the socialist is not at fault for dressing above her constituents?  but she wanted to look as wealthy as she is?  she grew up rich... ,not-offensive
11542,0, oh my goodness she is so precious! babies make everything better! thank you for sharing two hearts ,not-offensive
11543,1,  you will be sadly disappointed as they conservatives are also marxists...they now control a police state.........only ukip will set the country free ,offensive
11544,0, conservatives are 1000x funnier than liberals. ,not-offensive
11545,0, bs still boycotting nfl. ,not-offensive
11546,1,  laughing out loud another illegal antifa girl ,offensive
11547,0,  you are the deep state. ,not-offensive
11548,0, about as high as he is ,not-offensive
11549,0, that is because there are very few conservatives in congress. they only run as conservatives. they govern as liberals. ,not-offensive
11550,0," i do not think it was her race or looks. biden and liberals were put on strategic defensive by ct's claim that he was being electronically lynched. he played the race card and liberals folded like cheap suits. gopers now just do not care."""" ",not-offensive
11551,0,        he is going places!!!! ,not-offensive
11552,1,  when the abuser projects... look in the mirror mark   you are crazy and angry. ,offensive
11553,0,"     i remember back when there was the big sit in"""" by the democrats. they tried to push through 4 gun control laws. republicans responded by putting forth 4 of their own. democrats voted against everything republicans put forward. instead of accepting compromise, they voted against"""" ",not-offensive
11554,0,and soros money in their pocket.  maga🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 ,not-offensive
11555,0,  he is 10x. real ones know kuniva. he would rip anyone apart right now. studio or street. ,not-offensive
11556,0, companies that hire illegals that commit crimes sb required to cover legal fees or be fined for malfeasance for hiring them in the first place. we will never solve this problem until strict laws are passed. ,not-offensive
11557,0,           senseless crying face gun control now! vote blue and end this american nightmare. ,not-offensive
11558,1,and the bull hit just keep coming. so we are expected to just accept these allegations for their face value. the left swamp plot thickens. we need to out the offenders once and for all.  confirmkavanaugh  maga ,offensive
11559,0,  boi if you do not ,not-offensive
11560,0,7 1=7  i am not crying you are loudly crying faceloudly crying face ,not-offensive
11561,0,"   medically this kind are known as histrionic personality disorder"""".btw if she is brave enough to continue this heroineics with other holy books,then i will accept that india is definitely changing."""" ",not-offensive
11562,0,   no he was not! he scary as hell that is what he is! ,not-offensive
11563,1,  i do not know... antifa is pretty dumb. ,offensive
11564,0, i m pretty sure you are not too bad yourself...thanks for a lil bit of sweetness on this brutal world ,not-offensive
11565,1," do not forget antifa""""...and """"acorn""""...and that terrorist that obama """"palled  ??  around with!  hahahahahha...do you listen to your own malarkey?"""" ",offensive
11566,1, on everything that shit is really sad smh ,offensive
11567,0,   antifa do promote hared based on race. black lives mater is a hate group. prime example of how the splc are not trust worthy. ,not-offensive
11568,0," ok, on second thought, antifa was not even a thing when this was done  i do not think  but solidarity with israel"""" shows that somebody is in denial of certain actions on israel's part."""" ",not-offensive
11569,1, i breatge in kpop stan you nigger ,offensive
11570,0,   yep because banning guns stops gun homicides. you will also note that is close to the lowest number on record. what exactly would count as evidence if not that? are you saying that if gun control does not stop all violence it is failed? ,not-offensive
11571,0, he is the best ,not-offensive
11572,0, probably all staged by liberals to block kavanaugh ,not-offensive
11573,1,  this unfortunately is the real way democrats feel about blacks! if they could they would put us all on the plantation! socialism is making citizens slaves to the government! the conservatives will never let that happen! this very kind of treason is why we have the 2 amendment! ,offensive
11574,1,      2 the democratic party will not do anything to him because he is muslim brotherhood and they do not care about monahan.  the muslim brotherhood needs to be declared a terrorist organization—all of it! ellison also supports antifa. these people are so foul it is scary! ,offensive
11575,1, oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive.! give it up serena you are looking silly now. ,offensive
11576,0," liberals do not care anymore about democracy"""". they will burn the country before let trump to govern two more years. remember that the objective was to throw trump out of power within the first six months."""" ",not-offensive
11577,1,  let us use the treason laws to remove holder from the planet... ,offensive
11578,1,  mmm you are so hot ,offensive
11579,1, homeoffice releases one  terrorist a week and 46 in the year to march?  report was prior to  choudary being released.  i have home office document in full in a link on my stream .. questions asked are laughable   maga  mega  mbga  mbga  conservatives  muslims  migrants ,offensive
11580,0,   bam! there she is! ,not-offensive
11581,0,  why because ford accused him of something 36 years ago and will not testify. liberals he would this for months and came out now. i think liberals are the ones who took a gamble ,not-offensive
11582,0, but he is still our best option ,not-offensive
11583,1, you are a sorry excuse of a rep   i hope that your district votes accordingly you need to go!  your nose is so brown it will never be clean! ,offensive
11584,1,   nobody will kill or beat her!  cheap tectics to become popular lgbt tikoo.  she can follow sunny leone also  she is popular not only in india but worldsleeping face  best of luck and hope to see both of  yo your videos together    sri krisna will definetly make  yo your next video popular. have funfolded hands ,offensive
11585,0,   these people in the msm are disgusting 🇺🇸🇺🇸 maga ,not-offensive
11586,0, he looks like the antifa president? ,not-offensive
11587,1, that shimmmy— ok ok ok. you are that bitch. laugh my ass off jk ,offensive
11588,0, you are not alone. i was sexually assaulted by a fellow law student in 1978. i never reported it because i did not think i would be believed. however something happened that made me realize i was not his only victim. then i felt I would made a colossal mistake. ,not-offensive
11589,0, levi  strauss takes stand on gun control   | continuous news | missoula and western  montana ,not-offensive
11590,0, person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️person facepalmingmedium dark skin tone‍male sign️ they need too but he is wylin right now sitting out like this ,not-offensive
11591,0,gop in striking distance to retake franken seat  maga ,not-offensive
11592,0, does anyone proof read these articles before you post them? the article states 'the victim is in hospital in a critical condition where she remains'. probably best she does as the headline tells us that she is dead!!! sack the 12yo work experience kid who put this together. ,not-offensive
11593,1,  because the party of violent liberal antifa with their kkk hoods beating up strangers they know nothing about is so great and honest. good ole keith ellison the women beater can tell you that. ,offensive
11594,0, maga! if you are all in for  trump follow me and i will follow back. ,not-offensive
11595,1, bitch my life was flashing before my eyes ,offensive
11596,1, you are right he is a sorry little man... ,offensive
11597,1, and 15 is probably all they know about. please tell me he is still in jail. or better yet dead. you are such a strong woman. I am so sorry that happened to you. ,offensive
11598,0,  the nfl is still a thing? ,not-offensive
11599,0, but when dealing with liberals all bets are off because they do not care who gets hurt as long as they get what they want.  confirmkavanaugh ,not-offensive
11600,1,  he is a coward. he goes after countries that are peaceful and humane.  he perceives that as a weakness.  he loves putin and kim jun un because they are the “tough guys”. like in high school.  he wants to be a tough guy by bullying those who have a soul. ,offensive
11601,1,  the active duty personnel i know think he is a dangerous fool. maybe 100  of racist military klansmen support mr. traitor pants. ,offensive
11602,0,  and we met him in the rain omg he is such an amazing person ,not-offensive
11603,1, lmfaoo! loudly crying face bitch ,offensive
11604,1, hey bono  why not turn your dublin hotel over to refugees? asshole! ,offensive
11605,0,  i bet more gun control is your answer. ,not-offensive
11606,0," you are more than your productivity""""?"""" ",not-offensive
11607,1, looks like conservatives made a back room deal with her as they are best known for always playing dirty divisive politics ,offensive
11608,1,  go home you are drunk!!!   maga  trump2020 oncoming fist🇺🇸oncoming fist ,offensive
11609,0, what policies do the republicans have for gun control? ,not-offensive
11610,0, she lives in the hearts of all gun nut conservatives. ,not-offensive
11611,0,            wow.  this is really showing your lower level of reviewing of before governments.   this is what antifa does    promises antifascism but is lying to everyone by blaming capitalism as we now know it instead of the governments that have perverted it. ,not-offensive
11612,0, you still have not  answered my question about whether our country could keep its law enforcement officers safer if gun control laws were not subject to the limitations of the 2nd amendment? …  alpolitics ,not-offensive
11613,1, damn that headgear is lit sucks i am not on pc ubi plz for console to ,offensive
11614,0, i thought so... I am mingling... ever since you decided to attack my opinion on gun control and brett kavanaugh. i just asked you if having a conversation with you would be worth my time and effort. so far all you have done is prove that it is not worth the effort. winking facehave a nice day ,not-offensive
11615,0, funny i compare pediphiles and their protectors to satan ,not-offensive
11616,1, a black  hobag ,offensive
11617,1, he can go to hell ,offensive
11618,0,   what she is accusing him of is a sex crime felony with no statute of limitations in maryland. that means it is under the jurisdiction of the local authorities. fbi only gets involved if there is an issue with crossing state lines. they do not have legal authority to investigate. ,not-offensive
11619,0,                                                  every soldier coming in will report to the hotel until barracks assignments are made. if married they would stay until a home is found. now i read through their description and i know that unit. the were beefing that unit up 3 4 years. it was a new unit. i do however think it ,not-offensive
11620,0,                                       mine i tell him if you act like antifa i will knock your block...you want to get bad...i do not care how handicap i will take you down ,not-offensive
11621,0, yessir ,not-offensive
11622,1,   please get off first take! you yell wayy too much and you seem like you are being a asshole. when you are on set i litterly can not hear anything but screaming. its obvious  do not like you and  and  was like dude stfu!! ,offensive
11623,0, they do not want you following people because they do not like conservatives! sickening  how biased twitter’s management is.  twitterleftbias ,not-offensive
11624,0,   s without even explaining yourself which makes me wonder why you think you are thinking logically. again  i do not take my news from orban. you assumed that twice now which makes me believe you take your news from your favourite politicians. if you read any news apart from what ow ,not-offensive
11625,0,          she looks like she is planning a sneak attack smiling face with open mouth   cold sweat ,not-offensive
11626,0, 80 billion dollars and he is lazy.  no.  its the puerto ricans that are lazy and corrupt.   the us should cut pr loose entirely ,not-offensive
11627,0,  i think she is cuffed and shackled. ,not-offensive
11628,1, good move....he is the big loser ,offensive
11629,0," rosie hugs him tight hello angy."""" she smiled happy """"I am so happy that she is back and i bet you levi will be here in a few seconds."""" levi walks in and gasps """"rosie!"""" levi ran over making jack smile"""" ",not-offensive
11630,1,  well he is a liberal so that explains it. who knows the shooter may be a liberal as far as he knows. liberals are very hateful violent people and must be defeated! ,offensive
11631,0, hey love just wanted to check on you!!! i hope you are okay hun !! ,not-offensive
11632,0, from the liberal media.....yea...we should put all our trust in them.... have not told a single good thing he has done....and there are a lot of them... ,not-offensive
11633,0, no reporting on the death threats faced by kavanaugh or any conservatives huh? ,not-offensive
11634,0, you are gorgeous ,not-offensive
11635,0, and he was right ,not-offensive
11636,0, poor b she is desperate for attention so she tries to take it off from mac miller and put it back on her by her sarcasm which totally flopped. b stick to grieving silently and allow the families who have lost their loved ones to grieve without you taking that away from them. ,not-offensive
11637,1, this maga would spend more than you and your homies together....now stop ya whining... ,offensive
11638,1,           yea because mushroom penis syndrome is definitely an impeachable offense face with tears of joy  maga ,offensive
11639,0, its all about you ... trying to sell your stuff  do not worry that everything is going to shit politically   you must be liberals ,not-offensive
11640,0,"  please explain what controlled opposition"""" means.  as for bernier escaping, he split with the rest of the conservatives because he is even more racist and exclusionary than they want to be."""" ",not-offensive
11641,0,    you prob not going to answer but a worth a shot can you all fix the glare folded handsmedium dark skin tone ,not-offensive
11642,0, yeah ... as if when a lady stranger randomly walks into your home the first thing you think to do is obey her verbal commands....  sounds like she is trying to blame him for his own murder.  unbelievable. ,not-offensive
11643,0," hits a home run against antifa, kkk, white supremacy and the left with leftists claim facts are """"aggressive""""""""  walkaway  q  qanon   qarmy   votered2018  ",not-offensive
11644,0,      so stronger gun control is better than leaving guns easy to access. gun control is not a gun ban skull ,not-offensive
11645,1, that is it throw race into it again. did you forget what happened to all the white women who accused bill clinton of sexual allegations. the liberal democrats rallied around him. liberals are the most disgusting disgraceful human beings that god created ,offensive
11646,0, please confirm kavanagh as soon as possible! he is a fine choice! do not let the liberals derail his nomination to the scotus! ,not-offensive
11647,0,    oh and how can i forget? he created the greatest american economy in decades. one where no matter who you are or what color your skin is you have a better chance of having a job instead of a government handout. ,not-offensive
11648,1,       especially since you are a fascist nazi as i can tell by your profile you people are pathetic shame on you ! ,offensive
11649,0, liberals ruin everything. ,not-offensive
11650,1, i was definitely drunk as shit ,offensive
11651,0,         army of god?????? you have no concept of who god is. you are army of hate ,not-offensive
11652,0, holy shit! he is still alive? ,not-offensive
11653,0, holder is worse than john gotti or al capone. why? because neither of them held themselves out as honest law abiding citizens.  the only attorney general in our nations history that was censored by our congress. ,not-offensive
11654,0, liberals and third worlders to thank for it. ,not-offensive
11655,0, every politician should surrender their passports to show their faith in       ,not-offensive
11656,0, attention all red voters!!! get out and vote.if we do not we will lose everything. ,not-offensive
11657,0, brown like you ,not-offensive
11658,0,  did he mock a liberal mp crossing the floor to join the conservatives because it is evidence that they are basically the same party? ,not-offensive
11659,0,  sorry you are having issues. please send an email to feedback with a description of your issue and the email address associated with your account. thanks. ,not-offensive
11660,0, her house in ca eyeswaving handwaving handwaving handwaving hand ,not-offensive
11661,0, i love your wit!  you are clearly perceptive and very smart   one of the best to play this game   just played too hard like andy said. ,not-offensive
11662,1,   they are bullshit stats. but say is not london the murder capital of europe now? that gun control working right? germany having some serious crime problems. maybe you should take care of business at home be4 you start tweeting about the us ,offensive
11663,0,    i think maybe we should give another party a try. maybe 'for britian'.... ,not-offensive
11664,0,  anderson lies and you report it as fact you do get except for blm and antifa you have no real viewers ,not-offensive
11665,1,     sadly given the hypocritical and unethical behavior of liberals democrats these days i view any claims or allegations made by them with a huge degree of scepticism. ,offensive
11666,0, a super super generalised statement. what you are saying goes against every economic meteric. one of the biggest reasons irish european gdp has increased is because of freedom of movement. if you feel for the taxpayers look to nationalized banking debt first! not migrants. ,not-offensive
11667,0, i think he will get decent minutes win the champions league rotation coming into affect. he is much higher up the pecking order than herrera or mctomminay. he is essentially the 4th choice for a 3 man midfield. so first option when resting or even more like today and last week! ,not-offensive
11668,0, omg she is! face with tears of joy ,not-offensive
11669,1, great gun control! takes concentration and steady hand! way to go girl! ,offensive
11670,0, hillary was sure she would be president too. ,not-offensive
11671,0, booooring ,not-offensive
11672,0, croatian president's bikini photos worlds hottest president ever ,not-offensive
11673,1,"  when i turned the speech on it sounded to me like liberals becoming another nasty party"""" with his personal attacks on various individuals."""" ",offensive
11674,1, the epitome of class. a big fat class. ,offensive
11675,0, my pleasure! thank you for following back slightly smiling face   ccot  maga  walkaway   votedemsout2018   trumpsarmy ,not-offensive
11676,0, would you rather name your next kid   if it is a boy   dominique or matthew? ,not-offensive
11677,1,  so I am not sure she is a woman for one mostly men throw out insults like that to each other or mean ugly feminist cat women with penis envy ,offensive
11678,1, it is all about bs index pointing upthink there any more idiot tham the liberals. ,offensive
11679,1,  if i ever met this woman i can guarantee you i would want to just slap the shit out of her.  she is a total disgrace !!  dumber than a box of rocks ,offensive
11680,1, i have irresponsible sex but i at least know my partners.   benefits or being snipped  ,offensive
11681,1, then I am as crazy as you are because i believe the same outcome will happen this sunday 49ers 27 kc 17 niners babythumbs uponcoming fist ,offensive
11682,0, yo for real you are gorgeous ,not-offensive
11683,0, liberalism has being remarkable sucessful at taking over both sides of the political spectrum today's left are liberals  with emphasis on minority issues and welfare  and today's right are also mostly liberals  with emphasis on nationalism and anti immigration  ,not-offensive
11684,1, hmm I would do something like getting really high quality artists to draw really boring cars like a fucking 2002 grand prix or something ,offensive
11685,1," I will bow out of this one.  i was going to reply, but no matter how i worded it, it sounded liketake the camera and shove it up your ass"""" lol"""" ",offensive
11686,1,  we do! that is why donald trump is in office! all the democrats and a good portion of republicans are the shadow  government! you are complicit in this! you are a globalist   international communist ! ,offensive
11687,0,  let us not discuss fault rn. if this happened he is 10000  to blame. let us first get reasonable amount of evidence before presuming he is guilty ,not-offensive
11688,0, really not at all. i do claim you are chicagojordan. but i have never said you are experienced with the outdoors ,not-offensive
11689,0, oasis says she is happy to oblige ,not-offensive
11690,0, raise your hand if you are a boomer and you are going to fall for the next resistance grift ,not-offensive
11691,0, that strict gun control is sure helping in californiaface with rolling eyes ,not-offensive
11692,0, why r you still pushing this. he is b yournt. he has been outed as a sexual predator and feinstein is  your new hero. mondy there will be a list of women a mile long that he raped or worse. it is all trumps fault. ,not-offensive
11693,0,  andy. like  your reflex use of cliches n slogans. you must practice a lot. have you thort of writing for a greeting card company? ,not-offensive
11694,0, you are. ,not-offensive
11695,0,"90  of these conservatives"""" really are not. they just found the liberal side of the aisle to crowded. ",not-offensive
11696,1,  you really have to let it go. he is going to get confirmed.  you can continue to kill babies  and gun violence will continue despite gun control. ,offensive
11697,0, so dam sexy! ,not-offensive
11698,1, and again you are proving... your a dog! ,offensive
11699,0, he is not aware of anything  he is just that handsome  ,not-offensive
11700,0,  clapping handsclapping handsthumbs upthumbs upthumbs up exactly! ,not-offensive
11701,0, that. is. not. scary. at all ,not-offensive
11702,0,      i think you are confused about who was locking people up ,not-offensive
11703,0, but... but... both players were women. and both were women of color! ,not-offensive
11704,1, i feel like his face will never change. he is right in the middle of our mom and his dad. ,offensive
11705,0,  hi brit. i was notified by twitter account  that he placed me on 2 of his target lists....terrorist  lol ...and antifa  not so funny .  he is got high profile people like you on his list and then he is got random citizens on his lists. i have notificed  ,not-offensive
11706,1, white liberals really hate themselves.  tds ,offensive
11707,0, austin rogers? yay!!!!  he is a favorite.  so glad we will be seeing him again. ,not-offensive
11708,1, and niggas still going to complain about geno ffs ,offensive
11709,0,  stop wasting your time and breath with  he is a complete waste of space. why not speak with the few decent folks on fox like baer or shep ? ,not-offensive
11710,0, antifa girl of the month centrefold! ,not-offensive
11711,0,   you are goddamn right both sides will be heard. we want the truth kavanaugh. republicans better not put party above country. ,not-offensive
11712,0,  milk is meant for calves not humans. give your head a wobble ,not-offensive
11713,1,                 followed most patriots already and got the rest appreciate a follow back  maga thumbs up ,offensive
11714,0," best part is if you read the exchange he had in that thread, a year later this dude comes back on his same blm and antifa caused nazis"""" bullshit lmao.   and by """"best"""" i mean saddest."""" ",not-offensive
11715,0, and what can he suggest to remove himself? ,not-offensive
11716,0,    why? chairman of young conservatives whilst at oxford. ,not-offensive
11717,0, you are no christian ,not-offensive
11718,0, liberals ruin everything. ,not-offensive
11719,0,             we already established that in the war you are still living. that is why it is not happening again ,not-offensive
11720,0, seriously who is the dick that unfollowed ,not-offensive
11721,0, about the same price as where you are though  but probably way more space. ,not-offensive
11722,1, he is. laughing out loud face with tears of joyface with rolling eyes ,offensive
11723,0,"     2  that is even an antifa motto, by any means necessary"""""""" ",not-offensive
11724,1, she mocked sjws and the kkk with extremely clever satire. the fact you do not have a sense of humor or are too stupid to get it is our fault. none of that means you get to denigrate or lie about her or her motives. she is a native american woman and you are a bigoted misogynist. ,offensive
11725,0,"         do not know what you mean by independent media"""" but i read msm and they tell me that antifa are, in fact, the violent leftists who are causing all the problems at protests. what i see is right wing media painting all liberal protestors as the same as antifa."""" ",not-offensive
11726,0,  it is antifa ford. ,not-offensive
11727,1, come on texans! this man can not replace   ever!  maga2018 ,offensive
11728,0,    oh god. this hurts my brain. no one can libel anybody. internet companies can control thier content in any way they want. but claiming twitter is libeling jones is an entirely separate issue from the bullshit censorship claim.   just...work it out before you tweet. ,not-offensive
11729,1, holy shit which sears? ,offensive
11730,1, she should be fired and arrested. clearly she is using drugs on the job. ,offensive
11731,0,   alaska girl chiming in...if murkowski votes yes she is done for!! from what i know most native tribes have told her to vote no! kavanaugh on scotus would decimate alaska natives!! ,not-offensive
11732,0, i have never skyped with wa before if you are interested in skyping with ct! message me! ,not-offensive
11733,0,  it was amazing!!! red heart️red heart️red heart️ alex n infowars!! ,not-offensive
11734,1, those students not traumatised by having live shooter drills or distracted by fear of being killed at school are already doing their best. send your kid to one of those schools and we might get some action on gun control. hypocrite. ,offensive
11735,0, good ,not-offensive
11736,0,           aww you pooky bear...you are such a victim. ,not-offensive
11737,1,  I am sure this pope is on a first name basis with satan himself. what a disgrace to the papacy ,offensive
11738,0, what!!!!! now you are not sure she is truthful! you should recuse yourself immediately from the entire proceedings!!! ,not-offensive
11739,1, demon craps just can not get over the fact that they are not in charge....they are delusional to think something that will effect the country in such a profound way will just be bargained away....american's have dreams that come first over illegals. ,offensive
11740,0, the merged with antifa winking face ,not-offensive
11741,0,  you are so pretty oh my goodness ,not-offensive
11742,0,rubio wants doj investigation into kerry’s iran meddling via  ,not-offensive
11743,0,  is this  occupy romper room? ,not-offensive
11744,0," trump did not want to be president"""", therefore colluding with russia for presidency is a made up attempt by liberals just like scjous."""" ",not-offensive
11745,0, and i meant gun control ! laughing out loud and oops ! ,not-offensive
11746,1,   just vote yes we all know you found out she is a fraud. ,offensive
11747,0,I am waiting for qdrop.  wwg1wga  qanon  qarmy  maga ,not-offensive
11748,0,  and she  lucy hale  cannot do it because she is traveling I am just poiting that out. ,not-offensive
11749,0, she is the most deserving woman to be happy !! ,not-offensive
11750,1, another typical liberal who espouses  gun control but uses hate and bullying. ,offensive
11751,1, northern ireland was explicitly designed so the british establishment could stop paying attention to ireland. they have been indifferent since 1921. ,offensive
11752,0,"     and is completely unconstitutional. if the state deems you are not a criminal and therefor have not relinquished your right to bear arms, they have no right to regulate who is competent"""" or """"skilled"""" enough to own one. once again, it is not the same as driving a car."""" ",not-offensive
11753,1, fordnation  onpoli  conservatives  conservative  onpc  just because you can does not mean you should. great power comes with great responsibility. by invoking art. 33 and overriding our judicial processes you are overriding our democracy.  ,offensive
11754,0, i know there are parents among my mutuals followers and lots of you are great! but I have had to deal with a lot who are laser focused on an outdated idea of what early childhood education should be  ,not-offensive
11755,0,    white liberals do not see blacks as equals but people to be pitied and felt sorry for. i use to have that victim mindset but waled away from it ,not-offensive
11756,0, you said marriage is just a title.....if you knew you had money to protect you would not see it that way that is why i said that. but if you are not broke then that statement does not include you mista bill gates ,not-offensive
11757,0,      actualy i am pretty sure if you banned all guns that would definitely stop cri aminals from getting them.  but no one wants to do that. but by your logic are not gun control laws better than not having gun control laws? ,not-offensive
11758,0, he is why i stopped watching football ,not-offensive
11759,0, lowemissions  bus  transport  conservatives pm announces £106m funding for low emission vehicles  ,not-offensive
11760,1, be ready!! be prepared!! because the trump administration is not going to do shit if you get hit!! well.. if it is a white county you are good.. lookout randolph county!! hide yo kids!! hide yo wives!! ,offensive
11761,0,  if trump supported nazis then why would antifa a communist group want to harm trump. thinking face that is right the communist group is made up of the democratic party. ,not-offensive
11762,0, dear  please understand he is not doing anything except saving  your and mine money. if he had used of your tax money wisely of your children would have been in government schools. her wife would have got treatment here. his own sons would have been standing with him. ,not-offensive
11763,1,  it is unwatchable. i am careful surfing around  to make sure i never stop even by accident on that bloody awful channel! ,offensive
11764,1, conservatives  the trailer trash party of canada. ,offensive
11765,0,    what the fuck do you think antifa means ,not-offensive
11766,1,   honestly you people are seriously delusional! it is a good thing the majority of fans in ottawa are educated! because ppl like you are scary! ,offensive
11767,1,   oh and higher unemployment and witch hunts and lynch mobs and antifa communist parades ...you can have all that shit and let hollywood decide how you feel. ,offensive
11768,0,  it was not that long ago it was taboo for the left to be involved in the military or weapons at all...now they all want to be military so they can say they are gun “experts” and push gun control ,not-offensive
11769,0, i think it is ok to say “i disagree with bernie on some military spending and find his record on gun control troubling” but still support him. ,not-offensive
11770,1,"2  in a weird way the debate about section 33 reminds me of the gun control debate in the us. they have laws that allow people to own guns designed to kill people yet are shocked when guns are used to kill people. we assumed they would restrain themselves."""""""" ",offensive
11771,0,   wow  are these the types of folks we want teaching the already confused millennials? ,not-offensive
11772,1, chicago already has the toughest gun control laws in the country. democrats want to disarm law abiding citizens but criminals will always have guns. ,offensive
11773,0,again if the economy is booming why is gas so mof high 2nd question this is for the  maga cult how will making cars go half as far on gas doubling your cost to fill your tank make fucking sense to you?  tuesdaythoughts ,not-offensive
11774,0, the republican senate already know who he is that is why they will not release those documents ,not-offensive
11775,0, hey genius hitler was dead two years before trump was born. ,not-offensive
11776,0,         chicago has strict gun control laws    but within a few miles there is a free sale and exchange zone that nullifies rational efforts. banning gun sales in the city of chicago helped a lot. restricting illinois sales helped. indiana will not participate.   1  ,not-offensive
11777,0, she is one big embarrassment to the american public. ,not-offensive
11778,1,  is he crazy? where is ss detail.. how are they making sure some crazy liberal with a gun does not show up? ,offensive
11779,1,  i seriously believe he is evil.. ,offensive
11780,1, good shit! kaepernick is a great model for young kids who play football to stand up for what they believe in ,offensive
11781,0,  conservatives ,not-offensive
11782,0, so was the irs targeting of conservatives... obama sure set the mark for low deeds.. ,not-offensive
11783,1, if you want to  maga   1. stop intellectual property theft by china. 2. pivot away from china and give business to other asia countries. 3. ask us business to move to other countries 4. tax reciprocally 5. make xi look weak!  demolish south china sea. xi is a crook!   ,offensive
11784,0, he is the worst and creepy too ,not-offensive
11785,0," i want to  askalivelshi  why is not the basic issue of survival of the fittest"""" vs """"take care of everyone"""" the dems main point.  is not this the core of all others ? gun control, wealth and income inequality, health care, entitlements, epa, glbl wrm.  most agree here ",not-offensive
11786,0,  why do not the likes of just do as their bosses instruct them and as long as  is protected the  will never give a shite what happens on the streets of this country ,not-offensive
11787,0," honestly, right after the election i still hoped that trump would prove to be a secret democrat""""  on at least some issues  and that it would be conservatives who were mad and depressed by this point in his presidency.  obviously i was wrong."""" ",not-offensive
11788,1,   are you aware that hillary clinton said she was going to use nuclear weapons against russia. that was after she sold the 20  of our weapons fuel. she is a complete idiot. ,offensive
11789,0, i can not believe he is still on the radio. ,not-offensive
11790,0,   i hope you are being sarcastic... she acted like a spoiled brat. ,not-offensive
11791,1, om ah bitch laughing out loud i love you domo sparkling heart ,offensive
11792,0, hard to know where colin's lips stop and nike begins ,not-offensive
11793,0, we support you dana in anything you do—yes you are a heck of an actress. thank you for fighting for us. nra proud. maga. blessings dana. ,not-offensive
11794,0,"   the free press""""??? you mean mainstream corporate media??? you ought to look into what you are speaking of. i come from a line of journalists and printers that were and are an integral part of truly free press. we are not shutting down speech, the left is. antifa.  ",not-offensive
11795,0,                                          antifa would put nails in the pillows so i do not recommend it ,not-offensive
11796,1, anarchist nefarious treason invading free america = antifa. ,offensive
11797,1,   you do scare all americans with  yo your fake democratic platform. it is mainly  yo your corrupt gop ethics that are the problem. gop is ok with supporting pedofiles treason and voter suppression. dems actually want improved health care for all sensible gun control and to help the little guy ,offensive
11798,0,     you get more like this guy with every hysterical tweet ,not-offensive
11799,1,  give him a shot chris. han is a nasty h3 player    and he is my bb ,offensive
11800,0,  you just described all the liberals! that is not what i said! president trump unlike obama loves this country his actions prove it he is for the growth of america not the destruction! ,not-offensive
11801,1,"  daniels said her job does not reflect her character, really. she is a cheap, sleezy porn lap dancer. the is no high road"""" to take in that type of job"""" ",offensive
11802,1, omg that is fucking crazy. ,offensive
11803,1, got to be about the dumbest thing ever. ,offensive
11804,0, you are on the middle between regular stretcher and a bariatric. ,not-offensive
11805,1,  false.  your intrusion on the constitutional rights of honest americans did nothing to curb violent crime.  gun control = violence against the law abiding citizen. ,offensive
11806,0, he is obviously sucking up to his players because i promise a very large majority of their season ticket base support the president  boycottthenfl  takeastand ,not-offensive
11807,0,  i think we should. but no i do not think most american do. we divide ourselves in groups along social issues conservatives or liberal . probably because we do not have a labor party. or a party that truly cloaks itself in labor identity. ,not-offensive
11808,1,"2  i am absolutely furious with my fellow conservatives when they say, this sounds credible,"""" or, """"if it is true..."""" do you guys have short term memory that only goes back 90 days?"""" ",offensive
11809,0, untrue! and you are valuable. ,not-offensive
11810,0,     hahahah man please pass along whatever you are smoking!!! ,not-offensive
11811,0, 2018 09 14 23 56  congratulations! you are on no blocklists that we can find by scraping publicly available blocktogether lists  please check my follows for people incorrectly blocked   ,not-offensive
11812,0, wilson  you are the love of my life!  sonnykiriakis  willhorton  freddiesmith  chandlermassey  days I am so happy with  days right now. ,not-offensive
11813,1,"  communists  liberals get the bullet, too.""""  me  """"wow f*ck you!""""  communists  """"you are excluding instead of unifying."""""""" ",offensive
11814,1,just imagine the tyranny we would be living under had these leftwing tryants waging war on us and our duly elected president and the american republic itself gained tyrannical control of the us supreme court the neocon’s  nevertrump crew was trying to deliver to them?   maga 🇺🇸 ,offensive
11815,0,  must have  writing his material... ,not-offensive
11816,0,  yeah. well you do not deserve to be free!  funny how this started on slaves and ended up on you wanting to be one!  be sure and thank the dems for creating the kkk and antifa!   their contributions to the fabric of american politics. ,not-offensive
11817,1, disgraceful.  he is innocent until proven guilty.  which will not happen because she is lying. ,offensive
11818,0,                                                 jimbo did not want to play face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy ,not-offensive
11819,0, cdnpoli how can anyone expect the liberals to follow their own rules?  rules are for other people are not they?  the governing liberals have allowed... ,not-offensive
11820,0,   apart from the fact that if lib dems had been in coalition again brexit would have never happened. the  were a moderating force on the conservatives. more lib dems in 2015 would have meant no brexit ,not-offensive
11821,1, qanon   maga   for those who think nothing is happening! ,offensive
11822,0,"democrats want their pound of kavanaugh flesh """"   tcot  maga  rednationrising"""" ",not-offensive
11823,1, vs antifa. i know who my money’s on. but seriously this is such a stupid thing to do. ,offensive
11824,0," ford knew the moment she came forward anonymously"""" that her name would get out. this was an effort to stall the  kavanaugh nomination. 35 yo accusations that knowingly can not be proven. throw mud at the last minute. this is what the  resistance looks like."""" ",not-offensive
11825,1,  this is a big deal. hatch has to be embarrassed. oh yeah he is senile and can not find the bathroom by himself. ,offensive
11826,0,  good grief. ,not-offensive
11827,1, frenkenstien needs to pay every dime back..she has stolen from the american people. she is a disgrace to the senate and the people. ,offensive
11828,0,. thinks he is a funny man. but “think” is the key word...because he is not that funny.  allinonlonnieisntfunny  marchonfromwalker ,not-offensive
11829,0,  tears of joy? ,not-offensive
11830,0,    as opposed to the utter lies that were told to gain the no vote in 2014?  you are a funny man... ,not-offensive
11831,0,   no equip an in air accuracy mod and you are all set !! let us the clips fly !! ,not-offensive
11832,1,   she?  to whom are you referring to?  hillary?  you know what is tiresome?  bernie supporters bashing hillary clinton.  she is an actual democrat who raises money for the democratic party and does not bash them.  she has a positive message.  so who is dividing the left? ,offensive
11833,0,  she is probs busy over school or something ,not-offensive
11834,0, 2018 09 14 23 57  congratulations! you are on no blocklists that we can find by scraping publicly available blocktogether lists  please check my follows for people incorrectly blocked   ,not-offensive
11835,0, can connecticut get a date if around the fairfield county *cough bridgeport cough*. it will be hard to go to new york if people got schoolloudly crying face ,not-offensive
11836,0, which one? laughing out loud ,not-offensive
11837,0,    basically psa is spoonfeeding liberals exactly what they want to hear rather than confronting the structural inequities that they in part helped foster implement  ,not-offensive
11838,0, makes you realize how good he is with words. too bad the pc crowd keeps him toned down. ,not-offensive
11839,0,    he looks like a antifa dude. dude. ,not-offensive
11840,0,  oh course the nfl will cower in fear of liberals who trying to destroy the game.  will submit to their demands ,not-offensive
11841,1, this information is out there and should be fully investigated and considered before he gets a life time high court appointment.   conservatives refused to even give obama’s person a hearing so please stop acting like they play above board while everyone else goes low. ,offensive
11842,1, you are so right on this issue and democrats have been lying to the american people for to long lately it seems like there all going crazy in the head laughing out loud ,offensive
11843,0, you are amazing.  you fill our days with light.  do not ever change.  love from your irish fan. ,not-offensive
11844,0, yay   awesome 🇺🇸heart suit️smiling face with sunglassesbackhand index pointing leftthumbs upmaga🇺🇸heart suit️🇺🇸reppowervoteheart suit️🇺🇸strengthened by powerprayers🇺🇸thumbs upred tsunamiheart suit️ ,not-offensive
11845,0, he is too cute. ,not-offensive
11846,0,"now i know we have a lot of people to feed, but these two? these are mine! now go back to feeding people, I am starving! i have not eaten in at least 40 minutes! you need a maga hat!"""" ",not-offensive
11847,0, laugh my ass off that is awesome ,not-offensive
11848,0,"     yeah she loves pointing out"""" people for her rabid anti nazi antifa loving faction of supporters to, i do not know, give stern looks to? let us be real, she either wants her minions to disrupt her """"enemies"""" by heckling or making a scene or worse."""" ",not-offensive
11849,1, I am going hardcore bitch ,offensive
11850,0,  hollywood  emmyawards = anti first amendment  antifa . they will obviously shut you down if you are not part of their cult. ,not-offensive
11851,0,ohio we have to make sure we get jim renacci elected for senate. america is here for you.  let us all  maga together   ,not-offensive
11852,0,and until now my granny is still kind of mean at times..  she is a very nice person to be honest but a bit mean..  ummm maybe that is how she is.. ,not-offensive
11853,0,  such supposedly smart people did not think for one moment that in the audience there are people who voted trump and are scared shitless hearing the top brass speak that way. ,not-offensive
11854,1, krazee right wingers have the nerve to bitch about antifa. ,offensive
11855,0, so what is the conservatives policy on antisemitism? does it quote the international recognition if not why are not you reporting on this with as much vigour as you have done with labour???? ,not-offensive
11856,0,**** wow my cell phone is blinking it must have had an incoming e mail.  i did not notice. who could that be from ? it is an email from ... i have not seen her for a whi... it is beena while. well she is wondering if she could give my email address to my friend from high shcool i ,not-offensive
11857,0,  please clarify what subsection you are referring to. ,not-offensive
11858,0, he can put  kaepernick on his squad anytime.  justdoit ,not-offensive
11859,0, if they do this then I am all for the former in that scenario with regards to antifa. ,not-offensive
11860,0,  i know this is most likely a fake profile set up 2 get conservatives unhinged so this nut can report them. just had 2 get that off my chest! ,not-offensive
11861,1, antifa thugs remind me of orcs if they are stupid enough to try and take someone is firearm i would not be surprised if its an orc who is thrown in a dumpster ,offensive
11862,1, nigga we are going next week ,offensive
11863,1,democrat can not even compete w   maga ,offensive
11864,1, i fully can not remember hes just always gettimg himself into shit like he never stops causing government based chaos i wish he would calm down ,offensive
11865,1, *he closes his eyes so she will not notice how groggy he is.* ,offensive
11866,1,  she either testifies or shuts up.she is either a fraud or a false memory person.when you have been raped you never forget it ever. ,offensive
11867,1, what if the rape never happened and she is lying? why is her word gospel? many women are gold diggers avengers and liars. ,offensive
11868,0,   do not perpetuate colonialism. if you are going to talk about  puertorico you must have puerto ricans in the panel! jeezuz.fucking.christ! how difficult can that be?  diásporaenresistencia ,not-offensive
11869,0, you are absolutely right smdh ,not-offensive
11870,1, i hope it shows how to plug a bullet hole? people are getting fed up with mommy warriors and bad things are going to happen to antifa soon if they are not reigned in ,offensive
11871,0, reminder  it is in trump's best interests to have that scotus seat empty during the mid terms and even the next election. it is his only trump card  against challenges from his own party conservatives  these days. ,not-offensive
11872,0, are you joining antifa? ,not-offensive
11873,0, empty headed ginger hammer ,not-offensive
11874,0, mbpoli  winnipeg  onpoli  canpoli welfare rates for single people in ontario on reserve small town small city were  600 with liberals i remember welfare rate in manitoba when i was on welfare when ndp were in power were 500. the ndp government in manitoba gave me  285 for rent ,not-offensive
11875,0, oh wait i read that wrong hfjdhd so they do not know infinity war huh ,not-offensive
11876,0,   poor tiffany.  the best of the trumps she is for sure. ,not-offensive
11877,1, because i am a broke ass bitxh       and laughing out loud eveb better she runs in her sleep so like while she is lying down she just runs like feet going usain bolt xd and i get kicked a lot call me handlight skin tone ,offensive
11878,0,  guess that is why she is settled for being the gag inducing spokesperson of the commercialized conservatives. ,not-offensive
11879,0, my prediction brother love breaks in the cell and beats up roman till he is passed out and braun wins aka this is the brother love heel turn and brother love makes his return as manger of braun with ziggler and drew ,not-offensive
11880,0, she is sooooo pretty!!!!! ,not-offensive
11881,0, nonsense people want stricter gun control laws.. your response is buy more guns. how is that rational debate? ,not-offensive
11882,0,    but here is an easy chance to prove me wrong. show me one instance where increased gun control in this country caused a decrease in crime with guns. ,not-offensive
11883,1, am eye see kay he why am oh you ass he ,offensive
11884,1,but does he schmooze with communist  putin in helsinki like your daddy?   .     maga     ,offensive
11885,1,     that is not a bill about lgbt sex workers it is a bill on sex workers in general.harris has a very good record as attested by lgbt orgs.i mean if we are playing that game you could argue that bernie votes on gun control has impacted the lives of black people in chicago negatively. ,offensive
11886,0,"   death threats"""". where are the police complaint forms, where are the field notes from the police, where are the recordings? sounds to me like  antifa is staging it to push the narrative of the  socialistdemocrats ",not-offensive
11887,0,  laugh my ass off saying you are happy for someone publically does not mean you magically stop having feelings for them and are over them. have you ever had a bf before? skull and for the last time nobody is saying she should have stayed with him. it is the messiness immediately after ,not-offensive
11888,0,   one of the best  maga men on twatter.  good heart to heart. hey jack... ,not-offensive
11889,0,                                 you mean like antifa? using the exact same tactics the brown shirts used to bring hitler to power? ,not-offensive
11890,0, got beat by wwe....take another knee. ,not-offensive
11891,1, she is a nut case ,offensive
11892,0, eye just want rice lmfaoooooooo ,not-offensive
11893,1, just another reason she is vile ,offensive
11894,0, i believe  christineblaseyford however i assert that it will make not one jot of difference after trump and recently roy moore the  long ago chose to align themselves with misogyny and abuse.  kavanaughconfirmationhearing is next step to  thehandmaidstale  maga ,not-offensive
11895,1, I am weak face with tears of joyface with tears of joy.. shit must have been really painful .. ,offensive
11896,0, and i am just over the  justdoit  nike ,not-offensive
11897,1,  he needs to be removed from his position. children have and are being abused and he is covering it up!! ,offensive
11898,1, laughing out loud did you just do the trump very fine people on both sides? antifa punches nazis. do not want to be punched? do not be nazis oh whaooaaaaa so crazy. otoh nazis are literally murdering folks and trying to bomb shit soooo yeah. you are just a right wing dupe. sorry that is the case. ,offensive
11899,0,                        morning and check out my new maga kids book!! written and illustrated by a trump america loving oif veteran!  maga  trump2020 ,not-offensive
11900,1,    mob death threats?  has antifa turned on her?  maxine waters? ,offensive
11901,0,   i love donald trump our president of the usa..maga.. ,not-offensive
11902,1, damn is she ugly!!!! ,offensive
11903,0," the 1st word rian johnson used is regret"""", and he asked about fear. so rian johnson must have thought of these 2 emotions for ben ... i conclude that ben regrets that rey did not accept his offre and fears to be alone and that she does not love him as he does face savouring delicious food reylo"""" ",not-offensive
11904,0, antifa wannabe index pointing upindex pointing upindex pointing upindex pointing up ,not-offensive
11905,0,  which converted christians also have.  which muslims also have  which left leaning liberals also have ,not-offensive
11906,0, i think liberals call that a front hole now. been having fun with that one. ,not-offensive
11907,0,    ron desantis' cheesy ass maga commercials were cringeworthy. ,not-offensive
11908,0,". . .if you actually d i d expose that, I would be questioning you.""""  she is shifting a little, exhaling rather shakily. she is tempted to shush him.   how cheeky . ",not-offensive
11909,1,.  all i have to say is i  tastethebarbierainbow and  facial expressions were everything i see you eyes  roman this video was  legendary you are a fucking  icon  barbiedreamsvideo ,offensive
11910,1, ...wondering what shit on our east coast causing god to send florence to punish them...? a good guess would be the neo faux christian followers of trump..! ,offensive
11911,1, i wonder if they are sex traffic victims? ,offensive
11912,0, do we dare say he is... better than nyjer? ,not-offensive
11913,0, no idea who he is. sorry ,not-offensive
11914,0, professor who shot self over trump says gun control was actual goal  ar 15 ,not-offensive
11915,1,   here your proof!  our african 🇺🇸 friends do not get free college.  the demoncratic are putting illegals over 🇺🇸 ppl. these antifa ninja turtles running around acting like jihadist and never lived a real life experience. most of these antifa colleges kids are white privileged ,offensive
